"For the person and for the family of God. For the class of God. Our safe place is God, He is God, He healed, in troubles God, we trust Him."
"He who despises his parents is a stupid person, but he who considers wisdom is the one who will be wondering if it's accurate."
"Assume it is well, then the righteous will inherit the land and the beloved of the Lord will dwell in it, but the wicked will be cut off, and the sinners will be no more."
"Anxious times will come against women, nor will anxious times strike people."
"You have knowledge, suppose the people, they are left there, and additionally, it destroys them."
"And Adam lived a hundred and three years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth."
"Now Jesus himself was about thirty years old when he began his ministry, Jesus, the Christ, was baptized by John in the Jordan River, as the people of Israel looked on. And the Holy Spirit descended upon him, and he lived a sinless life."
"Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the family of the poor, were left; did they despise their left side, friends from afar? They would speak, but however, they would not come."
"Deaf education is possible, she can teach these deaf individuals. They ought to recognize the same language that will spread throughout their lives. This will lead to a successful future and achievement."
"This fire, suppose an addition of more wood, then more charcoal, the flame becomes larger, same if there is a person who brings about terrible things, because you do not stir up peacefulness."
"The doors, and the fact that it is similar to a lazy individual who stays in bed,  is."
"Upon the children, do we need to visit the iniquity of the fathers, but punishment will be large."
"Verse: 0, myself, vocal, whelp, interlace.  Reconstructed sentence: Myself, my voice is intertwined with the son."
"It seems like there are many unknown or missing words in the decomposition. However, I'll try to reconstruct a sentence based on the given information: I am soft, that which leads to kill. I am gentle. 1:00 destroys fruit. You. Remember. Please note that this reconstruction is highly uncertain and may not accurately reflect the original sentence due to the large number of unknown words. A more accurate reconstruction would require additional context or information about the missing words."
"However, when it goes well with him, he will forget me, but God remembers me and brings me before Pharaoh, and I speak before him; therefore, he brought me out of the house:"
The cat is whitish.
"The Paris school for the deaf today, however, now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a way to get to the school at Paris named after Réu? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Do you believe?! Suppose I assume you believe,  help me, I need assistance, it's true, help me, I require aid, please!"
"However, the rocket missile failed. Elon Musk ought to maintain the rocket missile for the majority of the people."
"What was it, but you spoke about many things against me? Who is opposed to, the majority of deaf people who consider themselves this way? You, however, are deaf, who do not know how to feel about these things, I understand."
"And you said, ""We have endured our journey, and we must go, and I will go before him."""
"And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan, and went into a country away from his brother Jacob."
"John 6:63 does not have 83 verses, it seems there is an error. However, I can reconstruct a sentence based on the given format: John 6, verse 63."
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him, for this we say to you by the word of the Lord."
"For my leaving, I do not leave, for transportation is far."
"Verse 5:20, For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;"
John 1:16.
"Then you go to meet these two in the law. The daughter's husband. Lot said, ""Here in this town, leave, why does God destroy? But these two listened to Lot's jokes."
"Verse 15: And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Happy birthday!
They harvest their crops.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what belonged to our father he has made all this wealth."""
"And your eyes and gaze, and look, see, three women are near you: and when you saw them, you ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed yourself to the ground."
The Father loves the Son and has given all things into his hand.
"And you woke up that night, and received your two wives, and your two female servants, and your eleven children, and crossed the Jabbok river where there was less water."
"His disciples asked him continually up to now, that time, if he believes, and ask continually, but they ask a question? The disciples reply, ""Not yet, no perception."
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29
"John 6:42? Isn't this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How then does he say, 'I have come down out of heaven?'?"
"Hi, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"And your brother and your mother said, ""She suffered so that she might stay with us a few days, at least, but now that it is over, you should go."
"Verse 93: And I said to my officials, ""If it pleases the king, why should we let this destruction continue?"
"Hear, listen at the deaf school,  and,  they will not hear. They do not listen, they will not understand, they will not turn to me for healing, but still I love them, and I want to help them, and heal their sins, and have mercy on them, and forgive them, and give them life."
"But I have greater testimony than that of John, for the works which the Father has given me to accomplish, the very works that I do, testify about me, that the Father has sent me."
"And also, as well, of him, the son of the bondwoman, will I make a nation, because he is your seed."
"Attention, be familiar with the future awful judgment of His coming. First, I, the Lord God, will send the prophet called Elijah in the future."
"Assume you have knowledge, that one has rights, but assume you have it, he suffers alone."
John 1:4.
John 1:1.
Ishmael was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
"And that which happened, as she came back, whose hand was it on, that the midwife took notice of, whose brother came out first? And he named him Pharez."
"Verse 29: And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot lived."
"It happened, when Rachel had finished bearing Joseph, that the Hebrew said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."""
"And it happened, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food."
"Which is better, to live in a small house with peace, or a big house with a spouse who fights?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well do not need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing."" And they divided his clothes among themselves by casting lots. How can this be determined, by whom was it written, and put in a jar, what is the significance of this, and where did the original come from?"
"Jesus therefore answered them, ""Most certainly, I tell you, the Son can do nothing of himself, but what he sees the Father doing. For whatever things he does, these the Son also does likewise."
"Jokshan was the father of Sheba and Dedan. The sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father. The physicians embalmed Israel."
"Verse 14: And Laban said to him, ""You are my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"And Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between me and you this day."" Why was it called Galeed?"
"The people set their traps for me, but I escaped while you were caught in the snare."
"He suffered, and your sins are forgiven, and that which was blessed from God, and you have enjoyed the pleasure of it."
Mine will change.
"John 1:94 doesn't exist in the Bible. The Gospel of John only has 21 chapters, and none of them have 94 verses. However, if you meant to say Psalm 94, here is the reconstructed sentence: Psalm 94:1."
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his other children, because he was the son of his old age, and he made him a cloak of many colors."
"Now, the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now, the word of Yahweh came to Jonah, the son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, therefore, take, I pray thee, thy sword and thy bow and go out to the field, and take me some venison."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, you shall bring two of every sort into the ark, to keep them alive with you; they shall be male and female."
"Verse 6: The two of us will worship, and bow down."
Picasso has artwork to practice.
"He will instruct, not for silver, but something better than California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"At present, I have two daughters who are virgins; I will bring them out to you, and you can do to them whatever you wish, just as long as you do nothing to these men, for they have come under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. Their road changed, changed, and they didn't realize it was on their left."
"Shem lived after the flood five hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters."
"He that is aware that hell and the tomb will never be filled, is similar to one who has never been concerned about people, for it has never ever been so."
I was reading some literature.
"What is it? . It is. . He said. . They will go to the store and buy some food. . She spoke, and then he replied."
"And the Lord said, behold, the people is one, and they have all one language, and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do. And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded. And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one."
"Assume the person is a stranger or a prostitute, you do not need a covenant, deposit, or money, or anything."
Thank you for arriving to instruct through written signals.
"the city, and the towns,  were given to them,"
"And also the women wondered at you, who did not speak, to know if the Lord had made his journey successful or not."
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself."""
"John 7:20.  They said, ""You have a demon! Who is trying to kill you?"""
"Their eyes shall be red with wine, and their teeth white with milk."
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And her servant ran to meet her, and said, ""Let me, I pray you, drink a little water from your pitcher."
"Verse 19: And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth, and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered."
"And the water receded steadily from the earth, and after one hundred and fifty days the water decreased."
"And he said to his household and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you and purify yourselves and change your garments."
"And you, both of them, had dreams, each woman whose dream was in one night, and each woman to the interpretation of her dream, the house servant and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And they gave unto the Hebrews all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and the Hebrews hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
"John 2:11.  This is the reconstruction of the given decomposition into a sentence: The wedding was held in Cana of Galilee, and Jesus' mother was there."
"Verse: Good. He says that no one is correct, not one."
"Verse 1: Is it good for them to do this? It is crucial, and they must be told. Then it happens that on their left side, the host sees someone and proceeds to say, ""We have a better place for you!"" Then you have the honor of being in front of all the other guests."
"Verse: Good. This is because, moreover, the wings watch, and a woman needs to have her head covered, as a sign that she is under authority."
"Verse 10: My prophets, I have sent them to warn you with many dreams, and warnings."
"Verse: They were congratulated, and some were from Libya, Cyrene, Rome, Hebrews, and proselytes to Judaism, both."
"Verse 10. But the angel said, ""Fear not!, for I bring you good news of great joy which will be for all the people."
"Verse: Good. Yes, my parents know me, and the Lord is near to me."
"Verse: It is good. Nor did the governor or Paul proceed to speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged this nation of the Hebrews, and in my occupation, I am joyful, but my block, I suggest, was prior to this."
Verse: Is it good that evil should conquer you? None of the plague will approach.
"Verse 1: But I speak this by way of concession, not of command. For the unbelievers who indulge in idolatry and deceit, should we then depart from the world?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, teach your neighbors and your family, you need to instruct,  that they may know the Lord. For do not all, at least, know that it is crucial,  that everybody will be aware of me in the future?"
"Verse 11. Now Christ has come, as the high priest of all the good things that are already here, and he has entered the greater and more perfect tent, which is not made by human hands, but by God, and not a part of this creation, for he did not enter a sanctuary made by human hands, but heaven itself."
"Verse 11: Now, the things which you ought to have done, have you completed? Are you enthusiastic now that you are giving, and letting others be enthusiastic too? How does your giving relate to what you have?"
"Verse 11. But you say, ""If a man says to his father or mother, 'Whatever I have that would help you is Corban (that is, given to God)', then you no longer let him do anything for his father or mother. Making the word of God of no effect through your tradition which you have handed down, and many such things you do, I will give you, and I will complete the covenant I made with you."
"Verse 11. For He who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not murder."" Now if you do not commit adultery, but do commit murder, you have become a transgressor of the law."
"Verse 11: For until now, here is what we have heard, that we should love one another."
"Verse 11. God says to the people, ""Truly, it will happen to them, they will fall and be destroyed?""! They did not obey, so the Gentiles, whom God had previously delivered, were able to do so. But does God desire that His people become jealous? Will they receive this for themselves?"
"Verse 11. Nor did I see any other creature on earth, but it had two horns like a lamb, and it spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11: Furthermore I say to you, that many will come from the east and the west, and will sit down with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven."
"Verse 15. Neither did the apostles of Jesus, nor Jesus himself, say thanks to God, then gave he generously. For it is accomplished, and identical. The people were satisfied."
"Verse 11. For it is good that we should rest, let us enter. But if we disobey, just like the Israeli people disobeyed, then we will surely fall."
"Verse 11: Our enemies say, ""We know what will happen,"" but we will thwart their plans, and you will know, and we will direct, you, and your work."
"Verse 11: He who has the testimony, has he previously given it? This is eternal life, that they should know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom you have sent."
Verse 11: They overcame him because of the blood of the Lamb and because of the word of their testimony. They did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Has my complaint gone unheard, or have I lost my vigor? My garments are darkened by my being soaked with grief, but have I already removed the garment of my righteousness? Instead, what has happened to my blessedness?"
"Verse 11. In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of flesh by the circumcision of Christ, having been buried with Him in baptism, in which you were also raised up with Him through faith in the working of God, who raised Him from the dead."
"Verse 12. That which the Lord has said, He will do for me; now it is time for me to be still. The Lord had given them a heart to understand. How did they come to have this understanding?"
"Verse 12: Behold, these three lived, but you have not removed your power; however, you have endured only a short time."
"Verse 12: For the momentary, light affliction is producing for us an eternal weight of glory far beyond all comparison, while we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen; for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal. Has the living God, who is the crown of all things, already not given us everything, and do we not love Him who first loved us?"
"Verse 12. He said to them, ""My associates, I am baffled; tell me. They celebrate festivals, and I am perplexed; if you can interpret, then I will give thirty fine linen cloaks and thirty fine garments, I will give..."""
"Verse 12: Then the detachment of soldiers, and their commander, and the officers of the Jews, seized Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12: And he gave flesh to the beasts of the field, and to the birds of the heavens, moreover to the animals of Etam. And the ravines were filled with beasts eating, and their ravines were filled, and they stole."
"Verse 12: Nor did any of the disciples ask him, ""What do you mean by this?"" when he said this, because they had just been saying, ""He has performed a sign,"" and the people were asking, ""Is this not the Christ?"""
"Verse 12: And you will recognize them, for they will be with you in the future, and this will reveal to you that I will be with them in the future, for the babe will guide them, and the babe will lead them, and there will be babes."
"Verse 12. We toil, working with our own hands; when reviled, we bless; when persecuted, we endure;"
"Verse 13. The Lord came from Sinai, and dawned on them from Seir; He shone forth from Mount Paran, and He came from the ten thousands of holy ones; at His right hand was a fiery law for them. You will be perfect, what, and just, furthermore, good commands."
"Verse 13. Your life is an example to others, and they are tempted to do the same. ... ... . No temptation has overtaken you that isn't common to all people. God is faithful and won't allow you to be tempted beyond what you can bear. When you are tempted, God will also provide a way out, so that you can endure it, and you will be patient."
"Verse 13. When will you go to your brothers, whom you sent away, and them?"
"Verse 13: A gossip goes to multiple places, telling secrets, but a trustworthy person keeps a confidence."
"Verse 13. Did the attendant run for it, or did he, was he, is he not certainly telling the truth?"
"Verse 13. All your disciples, who are they, comma, the twelve, full stop, comma,"
"Verse 13: When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained their goal, so they weighed anchor and sailed along Crete, close to the shore."
"Verse 13: For I recall to your mind the gospel which I preached to you, which you received, in which you stand, by which also you are saved, if you hold fast the word which I preached to you, unless you believed in vain. For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received, that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried, and that He was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures, and that He appeared to Cephas, then to the twelve. After that He appeared to more than five hundred brethren at one time, most of whom remain until now, but some have fallen asleep; then He appeared to James, then to all the apostles; and last of all, as to one untimely born, He appeared to me also. For I am the least of the apostles, and not fit to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God. But by the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace toward me did not prove vain; but I labored even more than all of them, yet not I, but the grace of God with me. Whether then it was I or they, so we preach and so you believed. Now if Christ is preached, that He has been raised from the dead, how do some among you say that there is no resurrection of the dead? But if there is no resurrection of the dead, not even Christ has been raised; and if Christ has not been raised, then our preaching is vain, your faith also is vain. Moreover we are even found to be false witnesses of God, because we testified against God that He raised Christ, whom He did not raise, if in fact the dead are not raised. For if the dead are not raised, not even Christ has been raised; and if Christ has not been raised, your faith is worthless; you are still in your sins. Then those also who have fallen asleep in Christ have perished. If we have hoped in Christ in this life only, we are of all men most to be pitied. But now Christ has been raised from the dead, the first fruits of those who are asleep. For since by a man came death, by a man also came the resurrection of the dead. For as in Adam all die, so also in Christ all will be made alive. But each in his own order: Christ the first fruits, after that those who are Christ's at His coming, then comes the end, when He hands over the kingdom to the God and Father, when He has abolished all rule and all authority and power. For He must reign until He has put all His enemies under His feet. The last enemy that will be abolished is death. For HE HAS PUT ALL THINGS IN SUBJECTION UNDER HIS FEET. But when He says, ""All things are put in subjection,"" it is evident that He is excepted who put all things in subjection to Him. When all things are subjected to Him, then the Son Himself also will be subjected to the One who subjected all things to Him, so that God may be all in all. Otherwise, what will those do who are baptized for the dead? If the dead are not raised at all, why then are they baptized for them? Why are we also in danger every hour? I affirm, brethren, by the boasting in you which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord, I die every day! I protest, brethren, by my pride in you in Christ Jesus our Lord, what will those do who receive baptism on behalf of the dead? If the dead are not raised, why do people receive baptism for them? And as for me, why do I also endanger myself every hour? If from human motives I fought with wild beasts at Ephesus, what does it profit me? If the dead are not raised, LET US EAT AND DRINK, FOR TOMORROW WE DIE. Do not be deceived: ""Bad company corrupts good morals."" Become sober-minded as you ought, and stop sinning; for some have no knowledge of God. I speak this to your shame. Is it so, that there is not among you one wise man who will be able to decide between his brethren, but brother goes to law with brother, and that before unbelievers? Actually, then, it is already a defeat for you, that you have lawsuits with one another. Why not rather be wronged? Why not rather be defrauded? On the contrary, you yourselves wrong and defraud, and that your brethren. Or do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor homosexuals, nor thieves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor swindlers, will inherit the kingdom of God. Such were some of you; but you were washed, but you were sanctified, but you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and in the Spirit of our God. All things are lawful for me, but not all things are profitable. All things are lawful for me, but I will not be mastered by anything. Food is for the stomach and the stomach is for food, but God will do away with both of them. Yet the body is not for immorality, but for the Lord, and the Lord is for the body. Now God has not only raised the Lord, but will also raise us up through His power. Do you not know that your bodies are members of Christ? Shall I then take away the members of Christ and make them members of a prostitute? May it never be! Or do you not know that the one who joins himself to a prostitute is one body with her? For He says, ""THE TWO SHALL BECOME ONE FLESH."" But the one who joins himself to the Lord is one spirit with Him. Flee immorality. Every other sin that a man commits is outside the body, but the immoral man sins against his own body. Or do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have from God, and that you are not your own? For you have been bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body. Now concerning the things about which you wrote, it is good for a man not to touch a woman. But because of immoralities, each man is to have his own wife, and each woman is to have her own husband. The husband must fulfill his duty to his wife, and likewise also the wife to her husband. The wife does not have authority over her own body, but the husband does; and likewise also the husband does not have authority over his own body, but the wife does. Stop depriving one another, except by agreement for a time, so that you may devote yourselves to prayer, and come together again so that Satan will not tempt you because of your lack of self-control. But this I say by way of concession, not of command. Yet in giving this instruction, I do not commend you, because you have turned things around, so that the wife is now in a position over her husband, whereas it should be the other way around. Now concerning virgins I have no command of the Lord, but I give an opinion as one who by the mercy of the Lord is trustworthy. I think then that this is good in view of the present distress, that it is good for a man to remain as he is. Are you bound to a wife? Do not seek to be released. Are you released from a wife? Do not seek a wife. But if you do marry, you have not sinned; and if a virgin marries, she has not sinned. Yet such will have trouble in this life, and I am trying to spare you. But this I say, brethren, the time has been shortened, so that from now on both those who have wives should be as though they had none; and those who weep, as though they did not weep; and those who rejoice, as though they did not rejoice; and those who buy, as though they did not possess; and those who use the world, as though they did not make full use of it; for the form of this world is passing away. But I want you to be free from concern. One who is unmarried is concerned about the things of the Lord, how he may please the Lord; but one who is married is concerned about the things of the world, how he may please his wife, and his interests are divided. The woman who is unmarried, and the virgin, is concerned about the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and spirit; but one who is married is concerned about the things of the world, how she may please her husband. This I say for your own benefit; not to put a restraint upon you, but to promote what is appropriate and to secure undistracted devotion to the Lord. But if any man thinks that he is acting unbecomingly toward his virgin daughter, if she is past her youth, and if it must be so, let him do what he wishes, he does not sin; let them marry. But he who stands firm in his heart, being under no constraint, but has authority over his own will, and has decided this in his own heart, to keep his own virgin daughter, he will do well. So then both he who gives his own virgin daughter in marriage does well, and he who does not give her in marriage will do better. A wife is bound as long as her husband lives; but if her husband is dead, she is free to be married to whom she wishes, only in the Lord. But in my opinion she is happier if she remains as she is; and I think that I also have the Spirit of God. Now concerning things sacrificed to idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge makes arrogant, but love edifies. If anyone supposes that he knows anything, he has not yet known as he ought to know; but if anyone loves God, he is known by Him. Therefore concerning the eating of things sacrificed to idols, we know that there is no such thing as an idol in the world, and that there is no God but one. For even if there are so-called gods whether in heaven or on earth, as indeed there are many gods and many lords, yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom are all things and we exist for Him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we exist through Him. However not all men have this knowledge; but some, being accustomed to the idol until now, eat food as if it were sacrificed to an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled. But food will not commend us to God; we are neither the worse if we do not eat, nor the better if we do eat. But take care that this liberty of yours does not somehow become a stumbling block to the weak. For if someone sees you, who have knowledge, dining in an idol's temple, will he not be encouraged, if his conscience is weak, to eat things sacrificed to idols? For through your knowledge he who is weak is ruined, the brother for whose sake Christ died. And so, by sinning against the brethren and wounding their conscience when it is weak, you sin against Christ. Therefore, if food causes my brother to stumble, I will never eat meat again, so that I will not cause my brother to stumble. Now concerning spiritual gifts, brothers, I do not want you to be unaware. You know that when you were pagans, you were led astray to the mute idols, however you were led. Therefore I want you to understand that no one speaking by the Spirit of God says, ""Jesus is accursed""; and no one can say, ""Jesus is Lord,"" except by the Holy Spirit. Now there are varieties of gifts, but the same Spirit. And there are varieties of ministries, and the same Lord. There are varieties of effects, but the same God who works all things in all persons. But to each one is given the manifestation of the Spirit for the common good. For to one is given the word of wisdom through the Spirit, and to another the word of knowledge according to the same Spirit; to another faith by the same Spirit, and to another gifts of healing by the one Spirit, and to another the effecting of miracles, and to another prophecy, and to another the distinguishing of spirits, to another various kinds of tongues, and to another the interpretation of tongues. But one and the same Spirit works all these things, distributing to each one individually just as He wills. For even as the body is one and yet has many members, and all the members of the body, though they are many, are one body, so also is Christ. For by one Spirit we were all baptized into one body, whether Jews or Greeks, whether slaves or free, and we were all made to drink one Spirit. For the body is not one member, but many. If the foot says, ""Because I am not a hand, I am not a part of the body,"" it is not for that reason any the less a part of the body. And if the ear says, ""Because I am not an eye, I am not a part of the body,"" it is not for that reason any the less a part of the body. If the whole body were an eye, where would the hearing be? If the whole were hearing, where would the smell be? But now God has placed the members, each one of them, in the body, just as He desired. If they were all one member, where would the body be? But now there are many members, but one body. And the eye cannot say to the hand, ""I have no need of you""; or again the head to the feet, ""I have no need of you."" On the contrary, it is much truer that the members which seem to be weaker are necessary; and those members of the body which we deem less honorable, on these we bestow more abundant honor, and our less presentable members become much more presentable, whereas our more presentable members have no need of it. But God has so composed the body, giving more abundant honor to that member which lacked, so that there may be no division in the body, but that the members may have the same care for one another. And if one member suffers, all the members suffer with it; if one member is honored, all the members rejoice with it. Now you are Christ's body, and individually members of it. And God has appointed in the church, first apostles, second prophets, third teachers, then miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, administrations, various kinds of tongues. Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? Do all have gifts of healings? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret? But earnestly desire the greater gifts. And yet I show you a more excellent way. If I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, but do not have love, I have become a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy, and know all mysteries and all knowledge; and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. And if I give all my possessions to feed the poor, and if I surrender my body to be burned, but do not have love, it profits me nothing. Love is patient, love is kind and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant, does not act unbecomingly; it does not seek its own, is not provoked, does not take into account a wrong suffered, does not rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fails; but if there are gifts of prophecy, they will be done away; if there are tongues, they will cease; if there is knowledge, it will be done away. For we know in part and we prophesy in part; but when the perfect comes, the partial will be done away. When I was a child, I used to speak like a child, think like a child, reason like a child; when I became a man, I did away with childish things. For now we see in a mirror, dimly, but then face to face; now I know in part, but then I will know fully just as I also have been fully known. But now faith, hope, love, abide these three; but the greatest of these is love. Pursue love, yet desire earnestly spiritual gifts, but especially that you may prophesy. For one who speaks in a tongue does not speak to men but to God; for no one understands, but in his spirit he speaks mysteries. But one who prophesies speaks to men for edification and exhortation and consolation. One who speaks in a tongue edifies himself; but one who prophesies edifies the church. Now I wish that you all spoke in tongues, but even more that you would prophesy; and greater is one who prophesies than one who speaks in tongues, unless he interprets, so that the church may receive edifying. But now, brethren, if I come to you speaking in tongues, what will I profit you unless I speak to you either by way of revelation or of knowledge or of prophecy or of teaching? Even lifeless things, either flute or harp, when they make a sound, if they make no distinction in the sounds, how will it be known what is played on the flute or on the harp? For if the bugle produces an indistinct sound, who will prepare himself for battle? So also you, unless you utter by the tongue speech that is clear, how will it be known what is spoken? For you will be speaking into the air. There are, perhaps, a great many kinds of languages in the world, and no kind is without meaning. If then I do not know the meaning of the language, I will be to the one who speaks a barbarian, and the one who speaks will be a barbarian to me. One who speaks in a tongue should pray that he may interpret. For if I pray in a tongue, my spirit prays, but my mind is unfruitful. What is the outcome then? I will pray with the spirit and I will pray with the mind also; I will sing with the spirit and I will sing with the mind also. Otherwise if you bless in the spirit only, how will the one who fills the place of the ungifted say the ""Amen"" at your giving of thanks, since he does not know what you are saying? For you are giving thanks well enough, but the other person is not edified. I thank God that I speak in tongues more than all of you; nevertheless, in church I desire to speak five words with my mind so that I may instruct others also, rather than ten thousand words in a tongue. Brethren, do not be children in your thinking; yet in evil be infants, but in your thinking be mature. In the Law it is written, ""By men of strange tongues and by the lips of strangers I will speak to this people, and even so they will not listen to Me,"" says the Lord. So then tongues are for a sign, not to those who believe but to unbelievers; but prophecy is for a sign, not to unbelievers but to those who believe. Therefore if the whole church assembles together and all speak in tongues, and ungifted men or unbelievers enter, will they not say that you are mad? But if all prophesy, and an unbeliever or an ungifted man enters, he is convicted by all, he is called to account by all; the secrets of his heart are disclosed; and so he will fall on his face and worship God, declaring that God is certainly among you. What is the outcome then, brethren? When you assemble, each one has a psalm, has a teaching, has a revelation, has a tongue, has an interpretation. Let all things be done for edification. If anyone speaks in a tongue, it should be by two or at the most three, and each in turn, and one must interpret; but if there is no interpreter, he must keep silent in the church; let him speak to himself and to God. Let two or three prophets speak, and let the others pass judgment. But if a revelation is made to another who is seated, the first one must keep silent. For you can all prophesy one by one, so that all may learn and all may be exhorted; and the spirits of prophets are subject to prophets; for God is not a God of confusion but of peace, as in all the churches of the saints. The women are to keep silent in the churches; for they are not permitted to speak, but are to subject themselves, just as the Law also says. If they desire to learn anything, let them ask their own husbands at home; for it is improper for a woman to speak in church. Was it from you that the word of God first went forth? Or was it to you that it came? If anyone thinks he is a prophet or spiritual, let him recognize that the things which I write to you are the Lord's commandment. But if anyone does not recognize this, he himself will not be recognized. So, my brethren, desire earnestly to prophesy, and do not forbid to speak in tongues. But all things must be done properly and in an orderly manner."
"Verse 14. And, the kingdom, how does it signify a story concerning men, and who is ready to go? Who summons the maids together? For, you who were already here, where is your money that was given?"
"Verse 14: But your people said, ""We won't let you do that, for who are you to tell us what to do? We don't want you to be our king."""
"Verse 14: Do people grow by eating, having been trained to discern good from evil?"
"Verse 14. Your wounds are incurable, and there is no escape. The wounded were healed, but you will become weak; yes, the healed warriors will be delivered over to the sword."
"Verse 14. Shall we live with them in peace, shall they be holy? Shall we live with them in holiness? They are not holy, Lord; for you will not see them."
"Verse 14. If God is for us, who can be against us? He who did not spare his own Son, but gave him up for us all—how will he not also, along with him, graciously give us all things?"
"Verse 14. Shall he have joy, will he be born?"
"Verse 14. Then he determined to inform. The men, who had previously been with me, I led around to guide the mutiny. Had you already completed the test related to the front of these? Are you innocent?"
"Verse 15: Even though Christ teaches, and reports about your authority that pervades, then does it? Next, does it? Do you hear the one preaching? Will you become cured?"
"Verse 15: Now in those days, the disciples came to Jesus, saying, ""Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?"""
"Verse 15. If you get circumcised, Christ will be of no benefit to you. What does it matter? For if I rebuild what I tore down, I prove myself to be a transgressor."
"Verse 15. The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God, for the needy shall not always be forgotten: the expectation of the poor shall not perish. For the Lord will not cast off his people, neither will he forsake his inheritance, but judgment shall return unto righteousness: and all the upright in heart shall follow it, who is God save the Lord? and who is a rock save our God?"
"Verse 15: For if we have been united with him in a death like his, will we not also be united with him in a resurrection like his? Men who have already been judged and punished for their sins in the flesh do not need to die again."
"Verse 15: I do not call you servants,  because a servant does not know what his master is doing. You are my friends, since I have told you everything I heard from my Father."
"Verse 15: Thank you for the great and wonderful gift, it's so large that I cannot describe it with words!"
"Verse 15: ... , my knowledge, women,  ... finish attempt ... word, ... purpose, but you cannot act.  However, a more coherent reconstruction would be:   Verse 15: My wisdom is for women, I have finished my attempt to find the right word, and my purpose is clear, but however you cannot behave."
"Verse 15. What has our father to do with us, and what is his name to us? Are you going to honor his God? How should we know that we are to serve your God? Will you snatch us away with your great power and strong arm? We and our fathers have sinned; we have done wrong; we have been wicked."
"Verse 15: The Lord is in his holy temple, and his throne is situated below, let us begin to build, and it will happen for you."
"Verse 15: They stayed there until the death of Herod. This was to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet: ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16. Well, my precious brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. And they were amazed, saying, ""A great prophet has arisen among us"", and ""God has visited his people""."
Verse 16: For he will command his angels concerning you to guard you in all your ways.
"Verse 16. The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, I will call her 'my wife', but not 'my officials' will push her aside."
"Verse 16: He said to him, ""First, Simon, who is called Peter,"
"Verse 16: And I was completely filled with joy, happy, and my own honor."
"Verse 16: That night the disciples went down to the shore of the lake, and they waited for Jesus."
Verse 17: But he who is joined to the Lord is one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But if it happens that you have a comb, or a hair comb, to wash your face."
"Verse 17. Jesus asked, ""I have already healed you, haven't I?""  ""Where"""
"Verse 17: Now, these are my precious children, and I have one more request. You have already taught otherwise, causing divisions among the people of faith, warning them; you."
"Verse 17. The thing was not done in a corner, but it spread quickly throughout almost all of Ephesus, among both Jews and Greeks. Soon the city was filled with the fear of the Lord Jesus Christ, and His name was greatly honored."
Verse 17. Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. Doesn't he know that when the ox is walking, should it not be stepping on the seed? You should not stop it, but rather let it walk. In some places, people say, ""Workers deserve their wages!"""
"Verse 18. It will be you who becomes fat, but I will not repeat it; think about me, these."
"Verse 18: Shortly, will it be said, ""What amazing things he has done!"
"Verse 18: The wicked earns deceptive wages, but he who sows righteousness gets a true reward."
Verse 19. Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19. I love discipline, I correct myself. So why is it hard? You are not interested,  full stop."
"However, Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart."
"Verse 19. Jesus asked her, ""Woman, why are you weeping? Who are you looking for?"" She, thinking he was the gardener, said to him, ""Sir, if you have carried him away, tell me where you have laid him, and I will take him away."""
"Verse 19: He who sees a dream is becoming like one who eats and awakes, but my soul is emptied within me, however the fool will engage in foolishness, and the wicked will not turn from his evil way to save his soul."
"Verse 19: And it happened, as he was praying in a certain place, that when he finished, one of his disciples said to him, ""Lord, teach us to pray, just as John also taught his disciples."" Do you think the roof up above can be removed, and the tiles taken away? A man was there who had been sick with palsy, lying on a bed, and they lowered him down through the roof, and let him down in front of Jesus."
"Verse 19: Thus a strong wind came, and you were gone. Your idols will surely bring you shame."
"Chapter 2. You are the priests, thus decreed for you!"
"Verse 30. Lord, what needeth it to kill more of them? for thou hast already given me the victory over my enemies, and they are fled before me. My enemies turn back, thou hast smitten them, and they are overcome before me."
"Verse 6: And he could do no deed of power there, except that he laid his hands on a few sick people and healed them. And he was amazed at their unbelief. And he went about among the villages teaching. He called to him the twelve, and began to send them out two by two, and gave them authority over the unclean spirits."
"Chapter 2. I will watch from my tower, and I will wait on the upper floor, standing in my secure places. He says to me, ""Wait for the Lord, and see how he will reply to my complaint."""
"Chapter 1. This letter is from Paul, a servant of God, who has been prepared by God to spread the Good News about Jesus Christ, and from all the brothers and sisters who are with me. I am writing to you, the holy people of God in the city of <unk>, who have become followers of Jesus Christ, and to all those everywhere who call upon the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who is Christ and Lord, and who are called to be his holy people."
"Verse 1: The Elder, to the beloved Gaius, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20. Behold! Someone is knocking. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me, like friends."
"Verse 20: The words of the wise are like sterling silver, but the heart of a fool is worthless."
"Verse 20: For a day of the Lord is as a thousand years, but night shall not be dark, and there shall be little joy, then comes hope."
"Verse 20. But are you not the same? Why then do you ask for my name, since you have already come to know the Holy One, God, Spirit of God, who has previously spoken to you? In fact, you are all familiar."
"Verse 20. Does our law judge a man before it hears him and knows what he is doing? They cried out, ""Crucify him, crucify him."""
"Verse: Why did the people finish and die, and He, God,  did what to the son, and who are you?"
"Verse 21: For he has made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."
"Verse 40. He called out, ""Come, Simon!"" ""Come!"" Then they entered the house and saw the slave's mother, you guys ask a question. He, comma, people truly my father God plan, wilt enter?"
"Verse 21. But when I had parted from them, I said, ""I will return again to you if God wills""; and I set sail from Ephesus."
"Verse 17. For these rules are only about foods and drinks and various washings - external regulations - and they are to be obeyed only until the time of correction, but they do not touch the heart, and they become worse."
"Verse 9: Do the Gentiles, who do not know God, come and ask? Oh, I am a daughter of Abraham, and you, son of David! How is it that you dominate me, when I am oppressed?"
"Verse 22: Does it become stronger by preaching? Your sermonizing is about Jesus, who is certainly the Christ, but the Hebrews in Damascus cannot be wrong."
Verse  : Will there be a period of time before retribution comes?  The vocabulary of the prophesy will become finished.
"Verse 1. He replied, ""I am, and I will be"", and I said, ""I have finished""."
"Verse 22: Whatever they do, they will surely hear you, and they will come to you."
"Verse 23: He who is faithful in a very little thing is also faithful in much; and he who is unrighteous in a very little thing is also unrighteous in much. If therefore you have not been faithful in the use of unrighteous wealth, who will entrust the true riches to you? Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23: A wise man does not show his knowledge, but a fool announces his folly."
"Verse 23: What is crucial, who are you?, what is vital, who are you?"
"Verse 23: Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him."
"Verse 23. But did he know what would happen to him? Had he prepared himself for it beforehand? Did he know that he would be betrayed by one of his own disciples, Jesus Christ? He was known to have been a traitor, contrary to the law, and yet he received help, and you, who are his followers, what will you do, and how will you react?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because from me."
"Verse 24: I called, and you didn't come; I summoned, but you didn't answer. I reached out to you, but you didn't attain it."
"Verse 24. I also, after all, had the mighty help of the Lord, and these two came to me."
"Verse 24. And the word of God continued to spread, had numerous new believers."
Verse 24. Let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds.
"Verse 24. Matthat, and Matthat's father was Levi. Levi's father was Melki, and Melki's father was Jannai, and Jannai's father was Joseph."
"Verse 25. However, he did not tell her that at that time the prophet was living, towards whom she wanted to go and ask, had he nothing? Does he change? She exists, doesn't she? Doesn't he?"
"Verse 25: A true witness delivers souls, but a false witness is deceitful."
"Verse 25: As for the believers, you should act on the things we have already told you in this letter: Should you suggest idols or eat food that has been offered to them, or drink blood, or eat flesh of strangled animals, or engage in sexual sin?"
"Verse 25: Now the people were half drunk, and you demand, and they say to us, we will enjoy! Well, bring the dungeon, take her outside for your pleasure, you, between the colonnade that supports the roof up above, whoever stands."
"Verse 26. If it is your desire to become mine, then compare and contrast, for you will have to do as other people do: honor your parents, and so on, and so on, yes, moreover, their left-handed ones live. If not, my desire will not become mine."
"Verse 26. Did he ever repeat to you, are the Israelites fighting? Did you see? He tried to make peace. He said, ""You are brothers, why do you fight each other?"""
"Verse 26: Furthermore, I know that you, Agrippa, know about these things. I speak boldly, for I am sure that none of these things have escaped your notice, don't they?"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The kingdom of God is like a man who casts seed upon the soil; and he goes to bed at night and gets up by day, and the seed sprouts and grows -- how, he himself does not know."
"Verse 26: For we do not know what to pray for as we ought, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groanings too deep for words."
"Verse 26. It is good, that the thing which the people have spoken in front of you, you have failed to do for them; instead, their words have astonished you, and you have become silent."
"Verse 26. And there he came, and when Saul arrived, did he try to assemble with the disciples? Were you afraid of him? He certainly has become a believer!"
"Verse 26: Then the army officer asked, ""What are you doing? Are you a Roman citizen?"""
"Verse 27. Is it well with you? Are your children and cattle healthy? Are you a eunuch, having great authority under Kandake, queen of the Ethiopians? Have you come to Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27. What was the purpose that I intended to complete, did she finish what she was doing? He completed what he was doing, didn't he?"
"Verse 28: The king said, ""Surely your God is a God of gods and a Lord of kings and a revealer of mysteries, since you have been able to reveal this mystery?"" The king said to Daniel, ""As for your dream and the visions in your mind that came to you while you were sleeping, didn't I say so?"""
"Verse 28: Had I twenty tongues, or five, would I not warn you, that you should not come into these terrible places of suffering?"
"Verse 2: For Mordecai was great in the king's sight, and his fame spread throughout all the provinces of the kingdom, as he had done this great work; and all this was recorded in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
Verse 2: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
"Verse 2. Is she becoming known as the Hebrew name Aquila? He was born over there in Pontus, and had just arrived from Italy with his wife Priscilla. Had you guys left Italy for what reason? For Claudius Caesar had commanded all Roman Jews to depart."
Verse 2. It is good that you are teaching them the things that you have been taught.
Verse 2: But a poor widow came and put in two small copper coins.
"Verse 2: My father, have you booths? I have a plan for you. If that stays, I will tell you clearly."
"Verse 2. They say, ""The Lord will not deliver him into the hand of man!"""
"Verse 2: Shall I look to God for my help, from the Lord, who created heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2: But in a little while the appointed time for the Hebrews to celebrate the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2: Who among the gods is like you, Lord? Who is like you— majestic in holiness, awesome in glory, working wonders? You should, and who will rise up for me against the wicked? Who will take a stand for me against evildoers? Unless you do, I will."
"Verse 31: But even though my father demands this of me, will the world to come know that I love my father? We departed."
"Verse 31: I, the leaders, led them to where the wall was established, with two large choirs to give thanks, and we proceeded to the east, to the top of the wall, past the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32: But the time is near when you will be scattered, each to your own home, and you will leave me all alone. Yet I am not alone, for my Father is with me."
"Verse 32: This is a great mystery, but I speak concerning Christ and the church."
Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the people as much as they could understand.
"Verse 34: And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: He said to them, ""But who do you say that I am?"" and they were questioned as to the law, which commands the majority."
"Verse 73. They told Jesus, the Nazarene."
"Verse 83. But when the son arrived, the farmers asked each other, ""What is this around him?"" She said, ""He..."" , will he allow...? We will get it for us!"
"Verse 83: Is this the Isaiah who signed, ""Here is the definitive prophecy of Isaiah""? When his prophecy was completed, he informed, and finished, but do people believe? God has a powerful arm, but has He finished, and is this a question?"
"Verse 93. If the master of the house had known at what hour the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93: Nor did Jesus tell the world that I came to judge it, but to heal it, and to give sight to those who do not see; then you who see will become blind."
"Verse 93: Then Philip was caught away by the Spirit of the Lord, and they did not see him again. But they went on their way, continuing to celebrate the festivals."
"Verse 3: But brothers, I could not address you as spiritual people, but as people of the flesh, as infants in Christ. I fed you with milk, not solid food, for you were not ready for it. And even now you are not yet ready, for you are still of the flesh. For while there is jealousy and strife among you, are you not of the flesh and behaving only in a human way? My boast about you is not empty, I do not want to be wrong about you."
"Verse 3: And he took up the stick, and Paul laid a pile on the fire, did he set it down? and a snake came out because of the heat, and fastened on his hand."
"Verse 3: By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, except they be agreed?"
"Verse 3: Good, I beseech God, am I to beg of God? I pray, and I fast. Shall I also wear coarse, sackcloth-like clothing, and put on ashes?"
"Verse 3: If they ask you, ""What shall we do?"" you shall say to them, ""Thus says the Lord: 'Every neck shall be broken, and every bond shall be torn in two; bring every yoke to yourselves, and come.'"""
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, and Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Now Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples, was possessed by Satan,"
"Verse 3: Is it good in the sight of the king that they take from my house, which is in Jerusalem, to make for you and your nobles and your wives and your concubines cups to drink from?"
"Verse 3. And the sign or wonder come to pass, that the law of the Lord your God is in your heart, and you will continue: for the Lord has finished, and here are three more, because of thy sinning, you guys admit, and worship the Lord your God."
Verse 3. Does the Lord delight in you because you trust Him? Are you good to Him? Or does He deliver you because you live there? Will you prosper if you are there?
"Verse 40. Which of the prophets did your fathers not persecute? And they killed those who announced beforehand the coming of the Righteous One, whom you have now betrayed and murdered, says,"
"Verse 40: But as for the one who sits at my right hand, I do not see him, for I have no regard for my own well-being. He has already prepared a place for the people, and God will complete what he has started."
"Verse 42: And the word spread around the town, and many believed in the Lord."
"Verse 42. For he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that this is he which is ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead."
"Verse 42. Nor does your appearance resemble that which happens on the left side of the kingdom, which you will enter, I."
"Verse 42: Did Jesus ask you, or did you already inquire? The builders rejected the stone that has become the cornerstone. This is the Lord's doing; it is marvelous in our eyes."
"Verse 8: Then the dishonest soul said, ""I have previously left, and I will go again."" So he went again, and to what place? Now the places are bare, sweeps previously."
"Verse 8. He will crush the dust of the earth, with your children together. Will the enemies have no remainder, one stone in place? For, your opportunity was delivered to you, but it was not obtained."
"Verse 54: Thus it happened, as I said, in truth, ""You do not believe me!"""
"Verse 54. Then does the soul ask: ""To whom do you belong? To another or to others? Are you more corrupt than the person you are all and everything to? Is it within?"" So that person is even more corrupt. This corruption is known, and it will wither away."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer you, I will murder, I will behead. Your women will die, their bodies I will give to the birds and beasts, so all will know that the Lord is in Israel!"
"Verse 64: He said to him again a second time, ""Simon, son of John, do you love me?"" He said to him, ""Yes, Lord; you know that I love you."" He said to him, ""Tend my sheep."" He said to him for the third time, ""Simon, son of John, do you love me?"" Peter was grieved because he said to him the third time, ""Do you love me?"" and he said to him, ""Lord, you know everything; you know that I love you."" Jesus said to him, ""Feed my sheep. Truly, truly, I say to you, when you were young, you used to dress yourself and walk wherever you wanted, but when you are old, you will stretch out your hands, and another will dress you and carry you where you do not want to go."" And after saying this he said to him, ""Follow me."" Peter turned and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved following them, the one who also had leaned back against him during the supper and had said, ""Lord, who is it that is going to betray you?"" When Peter saw him, he said to Jesus, ""Lord, what about this man?"" Jesus said to him, ""If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you? You follow me!"" So the saying spread abroad among the brothers that this disciple was not to die; yet Jesus did not say to him that he was not to die, but, ""If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you?"" This is the disciple who is bearing witness about these things, and who has written these things, and we know that his testimony is true. Now there are also many other things that Jesus did. Were every one of them to be written, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that would be written."
"Verse 74. How long, O God, shall the foe scoff? Shall the enemy revile thy name for ever?"
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""Whoever betrays the Son of Man is a betrayer."""
"Verse 84. Shall the king do what he wills in the high places? Does Daniel have numerous and rich gifts? Has he made Daniel ruler over all his realm, and has his wisdom made him supervisor over the women, that they should be officials over them?"
"Verse 4. If you are someone, then you become famous! If you have great events that you can achieve, then what is next to happen? What will it be, and who will she be herself!"
"Verse 4: Let us allow them to grow, for in doing so their patience will be developed and perfected, then you will be excellent and complete, needing nothing."
"Verse 4. You had filled me with joy in your presence, with eternal pleasures at your right hand. I say,  Note: The sentence is reconstructed based on the provided breakdown, but some parts are marked as ""<unk>"" which means unknown or unclear. The resulting sentence may not be grammatically correct or complete due to the missing information."
"Verse 4: But my precious children, although you are in accordance with Christ. You, you are conquered, why, because the Spirit that lives inside you, the Spirit that lives inside the world, who is it that defeats it?"
"Verse 4: Has God indeed come to visit us, is God the Lord living in his temple? Previously we heard, but now we see it with our own eyes, that you have been highly honored."
"Verse 4: Is your summation, a portion you previously provided? But you, however, you, everything you had,  will be given."
"Verse 50. I know that God orders all things for my good, will they live? even though my father told me, saying,"
"Verse 51: When Jesus had finished speaking these words, He arrived at the other side, into the region of the Gadarenes, with Peter, James, and John, the sons of Zebedee."
"Verse 53. They did not arrest him, because he was in the temple. He was there, but however, today is their time, and the powers of darkness will occur."
"Verse 54: Nor will our bodies be changed to bodies which can never die, but here they will wither, for death will be swallowed up in victory."
"Verse 58: So, did you do only a few miracles, and that's it? Why, then, don't you believe, since you've seen several miracles?"
"Verse 5: Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace, for if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace, but why? Because they continued not in God's goodness, but were broken off, and thou standest by faith, be not highminded, but fear, for if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee."
"Verse 5: He shakes the mountains before God, and the hills melt away; the earth trembles at his presence, and the world becomes desolate."
"Verse 5: And when Jesus entered Capernaum, a centurion came to Him, imploring Him,"
Verse 5: Do we try to win you over by flattery? Are you thinking that we are trying to trick you? Our witness is that we are not trying to make friends with you in order to get your money!
"Verse 5. For it blocks the pride, and it stops people from being able to know what destroys us. Does a mutiny thought make us ask if we should catch and teach obedience to Jesus?"
"Verse 5: But although we wanted to sacrifice no one, not for a moment, it is true that we desire to retain the gospel for them."
"Verse 76. Shall the child of Zerubbabel's parents be completely filled, or do you who prophesy say?"
"Verse 6: Since we are God's children, does God's Spirit dwell in you? Are your hearts so hardened that you recall us to mind, as a father remembers his children?"
"Verse 6: Hear my prayer, Lord; listen to my cry for help. I come to you in the morning, praying and watching, to see your power to save your people Israel. I admit we have sinned against you, rebelled against you. For myself, my family, and our sins, I pray!"
"Verse 6: But God, who encourages the dejected, encouraged us by the arrival of Titus."
"Verse 6: Now at the festival of the Passover, the governor was accustomed to release one prisoner for the crowd to choose, and there was among them one named."
"Verse 6: Simon Peter said to Him, ""Lord, do You wash my feet?"" Jesus answered and said to him, ""What I do you do not realize now, but you will understand hereafter."""
"Verse 6: We are always confident, knowing that while we are at home in the body, we are away from the Lord."
"Verse 6: I cried out to God with my voice, even to the Lord, with my voice; and He gave ear to me, and He delivered me from all my troubles."
"Verse 6: When Jesus had said these words, he spat on the ground and made clay of the spittle, and applied the clay to his eyes, and said to him, ""Go, wash in the pool of Siloam""."
"Verse 6: We know that our old self was crucified with him, so that the body of sin might be rendered powerless, that we might no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6: For this reason I also, after hearing of your faith in the Lord Jesus and your love for all the saints, do not cease giving thanks for you, while making mention of you in my prayers; that you may be filled with the knowledge of His will in all spiritual wisdom and understanding, so that you will walk in a manner worthy of the Lord, to please Him in all respects, bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God."
"Verse 73: He has remembered His covenant forever, the word which He commanded to a thousand generations, the covenant which He made with Abraham."
"Verse 7. Oh, that you would rend the heavens and come down, that the mountains might quake at your presence! Will you not revive us again, that your people may rejoice in you? Yes, the Lord will make himself known to his enemies, when he comes to judge the earth, and the nations will mourn at his presence. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7. Yet if the ministry of death, in letters engraved on stones, came with glory, so that the sons of Israel could not look intently at the face of Moses because of the glory of his face, fading as it was, how will the ministry of the Spirit fail to be even more with glory?"
"Verse 7. We know that we are of God, and the whole world lies in the power of the evil one, and we do not know what we will be, but when He appears, we will be like Him, because we will see Him just as He is, and everyone who has this hope fixed on Him purifies himself, just as He is pure."
"Verse 7: He told the vineyard keeper, 'For three years now I have come looking for fruit on this fig tree, and still I haven't found any! Cut it down. The keeper replied, 'It only uses up the ground.'"
"Verse 7. And the guests came to the dinner, and they took the places of honor near the front seats; everyone wanted to sit in the most important seats. Jesus noticed this and said..."
"Verse 7. For now my sons are with me, and whatever God has promised to me, I am ready to say, ""Never will I stray:"
"Verse 7: And other fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no grain."
"Verse 7: You will never be able to do it! You are here, and I will never be able to do it!"
"Verse 7: For a man may not even live, and does he who will die at least come back again, or be restored to life?"
"Verse 7: If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, you will ask what you desire, and it shall be done for you."
"Verse 8. Are the servers ready? I have already invited the guests, but you do not come."
"Verse 8: For three months he preached boldly in the synagogue, reasoning and persuading concerning the kingdom of God."
"Verse 8: And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night."
"Verse 8: Yet the people did not turn to him who had struck them, nor did they seek the Lord of hosts, but were still stubborn in their native pride, and did not value the God who controlled them."
"Verse 8: Great struggles accompanied us, but did we achieve success? Fair havens was reached, near the city of Lasea."
"Verse 8. If we assume that by encouraging the rest of the people with his gift, then he will be encouraged. If giving is involved, then it will be large. If God has already done this, He was able to, and it is a responsibility, and the people's gift to others makes them happy."
"Verse 8: You, who linger in the house of the prostitute, near whose house you stroll slowly to the left."
"Verse 9: I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer persecution and that you are blasphemed by those who claim to be Jews but are not, because they have the synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9. And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen, until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: What, did he not make them one, and the residue of the Spirit be for the children?"
"Verse 9: That which has not been seen by the eye, nor heard by the ear, nor entered into the heart of man, is what God has prepared for those who love Him."
"Verse 9: Do you not know that now we should say, ""Now we know""? But do you not know that now you will go back to the world, and its worthless principles, and again become slaves, a question?"
"Verse 9. He refuses to help me. You, whom I ask, will you help me? You are my helper. Will you leave me now? Will you desert me? You're my deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Have you lied to one another, considering your former sins and the evil deeds that you have done among you, Amorites?"
"Verse 9: By these were the islands of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations. And the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth."
"Verse 9: I pray for them. I do not pray for the world, but for those whom you have given me, because they are yours, since everything that is mine is yours and everything that is yours is mine."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife, except for immorality, and marries another, commits adultery; and he who marries a divorced woman commits adultery."
"Verse 9: For I could not speak, for my strong anger, I did not destroy Israel, why, for God is not a man, that He should lie, nor a son of man, that He should repent. I, the Lord, live among you, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9: Whoever has ears to hear, let him hear, and understand."
"Verse 9: She favors the widows who are put on the list, does she not? They must be at least sixty years old, and have been the wife of one husband."
"Verse 9: Do people look like him? Yes! Does he have a strong and powerful mouth? But the beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we shall not perish?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve, these two. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"Yahweh appeared to Abram, and said, ""I will give this land to your seed."" There he built an altar to Yahweh, who had appeared to him."
"And the Lord appeared unto him the same night, and said, ""I am the God of Abraham your father. Fear not, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"See things, hear; I, hear."
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
And God separated the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
"For God knows that in the day you eat of the tree of knowledge, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to get knowledge, then comes combat, and numerous persons who deliver more."
"After all, because ignorance destroys knowledge and the mouth spoke concerning foolish actions."
"That which will happen when he sees that the experience is not with us, that you will die: and your servants will bring down the gray hair of your servant our father with anguish to the grave."
"Verse 19: The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
