"For the person and for the family of God. For the class. Our safe place is God, God healed, in troubles God, we trust."
"He who leaves his parents' instruction, is stupid, but he who considers wisdom is right."
"Assume that it is well, then the righteous will inherit the land and the beloved of the Lord will dwell in it, but the wicked will be cut off, and the sinners will be no more, and they shall present gifts to their grandchildren."
"Anxious come opposed to men who will, or will not, be anxious when people strike."
"You assume that you have wisdom, but if people are left to themselves, it will destroy them."
"And Adam lived one hundred and thirty years, and begot a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth,"
"Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ, who was baptized in the Jordan River by John to fulfill all righteousness for Israel. The people of Israel live in anticipation and expectation."
"Then the brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the family of the poor, he left, did they despise their friends from afar? They would speak, but they did not come."
Deaf education makes it possible to teach these deaf individuals. They ought to recognize alike language that spreads throughout their community. This will lead to a successful future for them.
"There is a flame, suppose an addition of more wood than charcoal, the fire becomes larger, same if these individuals bring about terrible stirrings, because you do not have peacefulness."
"The door, the one similar to an indolent person, lies in bed, and does nothing."
"Upon the children, do we need to visit the iniquity, although persons opposed to it will receive large punishment?"
"Myself, I will not come, my voice is intertwined with the son."
"I am soft, that which leads to kill. I am gentle. Me, I: 100th: destroys fruits. You. Remember.  Note: The sentence is reconstructed based on the given words and punctuation, but it may not form a grammatically correct or coherent sentence due to the presence of unknown words (<unk>)."
"But I thought to myself, ""When it goes well for him, he will remember me,"" and God will make him show mercy to me, so that I may leave this prison."
The cat is white.
"The Paris school today, but now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school at Paris named after the way of Rue? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Does she believe? Suppose she believes, assist me, it will certainly assist me,  help!"
"However, the rocket failed. The company will maintain the rocket system, which is a majority of their projects, led by Elon Musk, and they ought to improve their technology."
"What is it, however, about many things opposed to it? Who is opposed to the majority of deaf people who consider themselves a cultural minority? Deaf, comma, hearing impaired, who are not aware of their own feelings, do you sense? I understand."
"And you said, ""We have endured our travel"", and we suffered to go, and I will go before he who was there."
"And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan, and went into a country away from his brother Jacob."
"John 6:63, but Jesus said, ""It is the Spirit who gives life; the flesh profits nothing; the words that I have spoken to you are spirit and are life."
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him."
"For my sake, do not leave, for transportation is far."
John 5:20.
John 1:16.
"Then you will go and meet these two at the city gate. The bridegroom's daughter. Lot said, ""I must leave this town, for God is going to destroy it."" But the men laughed at Lot."
"And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Happy Birthday!
The harvest was gathered.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of the sons of Laban, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And also, her eyes and gaze, and also, and see, and three women near her: and when you saw them all, you ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
John 3:30.
"And you arose that night, and took your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed over the ford of the Jabbok river, where there was little water."
"His disciples asked him continually, ""Until now, what time are you going to believe?"" and they asked,  ""What do you ask?"" The disciples replied, ""Not at this time is the sense of perception."""
"And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai."
John 3:29
"What is the meaning of life, and what happens after we die. Is there an afterlife, or do we just cease to exist?"
"Hi, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton, Val. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton, Val."
"And your brother and your mother said, ""She suffered so that she could stay with us a few days, at least, in good health, now that is finished, so that you may go."""
"And I said to my officials, ""If it pleases the men, let them follow me."
"I will listen to the deaf school, and, and. .  Reconstructed sentence:  The person will hear at the institute for the deaf,  and,  and."
John 5:34
"And also, moreover, of her son, the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed."
"Attention, be familiar with the future terrible judgment of His coming. First, I, the Lord God, will send the prophet Elijah in the future."
"Assume you have knowledge, that one has rights, but assume you have none, he suffers alone."
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
"Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin."
"And that occurred, just as you came back into his hands, and he gave attention to his brother who came out, and you said, ""How did he come to be born first?"" So the name of the one was called Perez."
"And when the Lord destroyed the cities of the plain, the Lord remembered Abraham and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot had lived."
"And it happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."""
"And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food."
"Which is better, to live in a small corner of a house with peace, or in a big house with a spouse who fights?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well do not need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus, as he left, said: ""Father, forgive them, since they do not realize what they are doing."" Next, the soldiers divided his clothes among them by casting lots. How can it be determined who wrote this, and put it inside a jar, and who took it out of its original place?"
"John 5:19, Jesus therefore answered them:"
"And Jokshan fathered Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father. The physicians embalmed Israel.
"And Laban said to him, ""You are indeed my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"And Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between me and you this day."" Therefore the name of it was called Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you have endured the snare, while I escaped."
"She has endured, may your soul be blessed, and that which she has given you, may you enjoy."
My adaptation
"John 1:94 doesn't exist in the Bible, as the first chapter of John only has 51 verses. However, I can reconstruct a sentence based on your request: John 1, verse 94 does not exist, but if it did, it would be a part of the Gospel of John, which is the first book of the New Testament. If you meant to ask for a specific verse from the Bible, please let me know and I'll do my best to assist you."
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colours."
"Now the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, take your sword, your quiver, and your bow, and go out to the field, and I will bring you a portion of meat."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Verse 6: The two of us, worship, and bow."
Picasso has artwork to practice.
"He teaches his desire, not silver, is better compared to California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"Now, I have two daughters who are old enough, but they have not known a man. I beg of you, bring them out to you, and do to them as seems good to you, only do nothing to these women, for they came under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. On their left hand the road turns, turns, and they do not realize it is on their left."
"Shem lived after he begot Arpachshad five hundred years, and had sons and daughters."
"He knows that hell and the grave are never full, like a womb that has already borne its children, it is never satisfied."
"And the books, and the literature."
"What is it? . It is. . I am. . You will go to the store and buy some milk. . He said, and then he left."
"Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed, for God made man in his own image. For in the image of God has God made mankind. Anyone who sheds human blood will have their own blood shed by humans."
"Assume the person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to make a pledge or give a deposit of money or anything."
Thank you for coming to instruct in the written signal.
"The city, and the other places,  Note: Since most of the components are marked as <unk>, it's challenging to provide a more accurate reconstruction. If you could provide more context or fill in some of the unknown components, I'd be happy to try again!"
"And the women considered, ""Did he really speak? We are not aware that the Lord has made his journey successful or not."
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."""
John 7:20.
"john|john the apostle # 2|two # comma|pause # verse|poem # 15|fifteen # full stop#.  Reconstructed sentence:  John 2, verse 15."
"The word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And also her servant ran to meet you, and said, I have suffered, I pray you, drink a little water from your poured out hand."
And the waters prevailed so mightily on the earth that all the high hills under the whole heaven were covered.
"And the water receded from the earth continually, and after one hundred fifty days the waters decreased."
"And the Hebrew said to his relatives and to all who were with him, ""Put away the strange gods that are among you, and cleanse yourselves, and change your garments."
"And you both had dreams on the same night, each of you having a dream with its own meaning. Each of you had a dream to be interpreted, and the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison, were there."
"And you shall give unto them all the strange gods which are in their hand, and all their earrings which are in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
John 2:11.
"Verse 1: The saying goes, no one is perfect, not one."
"Verse 1: What shall we do, for everything is important, and then it happened that the hostess saw them go and say, ""You, we have better places for you!"" Then you have the honor of being in front of all the other guests."
"Verse 1: This is because, moreover, since the angels watch, women need to have their heads covered, as a sign that they are under authority."
"Verse 10. My prophets, I have finished sending them to you, to warn you with many dreams,"
"Verse 1: Now in the church at Antioch there were prophets and teachers, among them Barnabas, Simeon called Niger, Lucius of Cyrene, Manaen (who had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch) and Saul."
"Verse 10. But the angel comforted them, ""Do not be afraid! I declare to me, you will have great joy, for the whole people."
"Verse 1: Yes, my father and my mother have forsaken me, but the Lord will take me in."
"Verse 1: Now, Paul proceeded to speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that up until now you have judged me for many years as a Hebrew and an expert in our trade, but I am joyful, my suggestion is this, I prompt you before."
Verse 1: Is it not good? Shall we not be defeated by evil? He who has no pestilence drawing near.
"Verse 1: But I myself do not speak about the unbelievers, for they cause confusion and sin, then greed, cheating people, acting like idol worshippers. Because that is how it is, should we avoid them? Should we depart from the earth?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, thy neighbours and thy relatives, you need to teach, ... , ... knows the Lord. For who is most important, ... , ... , ... will be aware of me in the future."
"Verse 11. Now Jesus, the high priest of good things that have come, has become so much better than any of them. The greatest and most excellent God, who is in heaven, has He already entered human hands? No, He did not create with human hands, nor is He a portion of the creation here on earth."
"Verse 11. Now, the things you start, should be completed. Are you enthusiastic? Now, you are donating, let it be with enthusiasm. How is your giving related to what you have?"
"Verse 11: But you say, ""Whoever says to his father or mother, 'Whatever profit you might have received from me is Corban'"" (that is, a gift to God), I can't help. What you will be is a gift to him, and I will complete the pledge, a gift to you."
"Verse 11. He who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not murder."" If you do not commit adultery but do commit murder, you have become a lawbreaker."
"Verse 11: Here is the message, up until now you have heard, that we should love one another."
"Verse 11: God judged his people, and they fell. Will he destroy them? No! They are not obeying, so the Gentiles have been delivered, and God has made it possible for you. But did God desire to make his people jealous?"
"Verse 11. Nor do I see any other creature on earth like it, except that it has two small horns like a lamb, but it speaks like a dragon."
"Verse 11: Furthermore, I tell you that many will come from the east and the west, and will sit down with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven;"
"Verse. Neither did Jesus, nor did he thank God, then gave generously. Finished, accomplished, same. The people were content."
"Verse 11: Well, that rest, let us strive to enter. But if we disobey, just like the Israelites disobeyed, then we will fall."
"Verse 11: For our enemies say, ""You know what has happened to us, we have been weakened, and you are making plans against us."""
Verse 11: He who has the Son has the life; he who does not have the Son of God does not have the life.
Verse 11. They overcame him because of the blood of the Lamb and because of the word of their testimony. They did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. My sackcloth, are you already changed? Has become mourning, garments. My grieving raiment, have you previously removed? Instead, you're rather, what, which, joy, blessedness,"
"Verse 11. In him you were also circumcised, in the putting off of the sinful nature, not with a circumcision done by the hands of men but with the circumcision done by Christ, having been buried with him in baptism and raised with him through your faith in the power of God, who raised him from the dead."
"Verse 12. That is why the Lord said, ""Now I will come and see the evil that they have done, for their outcry has reached me."" I will see how they behave. How can I know if they are worthy?"
"Verse 12. The three beasts, have their authority taken away, but they will live for a longer period of time."
"Verse 12. For the momentary, light affliction is producing for us an eternal weight of glory far beyond all comparison, while we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen; for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal. For we know that if the earthly tent which is our house is torn down, we have a building from God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. Does he who has prepared us for this very purpose not also give us the Spirit as a pledge? Now those who love Him are the ones whom God has previously loved."
"Verse 12. He says to you, my associates, I am perplexed, and I tell you. They celebrate festivals, and I am baffled; if you can interpret, then I will give thirty fine linen cloaks and thirty fine vests."
"Verse 12. Then the detachment of soldiers, with its commander and the Jewish guards, arrested Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12. And he gave flesh to the people, for meat, moreover, to the beasts to his companions in Etam. And the people were filled with the meat of the beasts eating, and their holes were filled, and they plundered."
"Verse 12. Or did the disciple not ask, saying, ""Who is it that you have just been speaking of?"" Are you the Pharisee's people? You have caused the question."
"Verse 12: And you will recognize them, and this will be revealed, for the babe will testify of things to come, and these babes will be filled with the spirit, and there will be babes."
"Verse 12: We toil, working with our own hands. We are reviled, we bless. We are persecuted, we endure."
"Verse 13: These are the words which you shall speak to the children of Israel. You shall say to them: 'What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: and I will be your God, and ye shall be my people, furthermore the law and the commandments which I have given you, are good.'"
"Verse 13. Your life attracts the rest of the people who have had similar experiences. ... ... . ... ... ... . Patience cannot be achieved, God did not endure. When temptation occurs, God reveals the way to be patient, so you can be patient."
"Verse 13. When did you go to visit your brothers, whom you are asking about? What did they say to them?"
"Verse 13. A gossip goes to multiple places, telling secrets, but a trustworthy person can keep a confidence."
"Verse 13. Did the servant run to meet them? Was he not truly sent by God, or did he happen to be there by chance? No, certainly not!"
"Verse 13. All your disciples, you, , comma, , 12, . , comma,  Reconstructed sentence:  Verse 13. All of his disciples, you have, comma, the twelve, full stop.  However, considering the context and the missing information represented by <unk>, a more plausible reconstruction could be: Verse 13. All his disciples, you will, comma, choose twelve."
"Verse 13: When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and sailed along the shore of Crete."
"Verse 13. Truly, do you recall the gospel which I preached to you, which I brought to you when I was ill."
"Verse 14. What signs show a kingdom in what way? A tale concerning men, women, ready to go. Who do the servers summon together? For for, you who were here but are not now, their money will be provided."
"Verse 14: But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, ""We will not have this man to reign over us."""
"Verse 14: Do people not live by bread alone, but by every word coming from the mouth of God, having the ability to discern, however, between good and evil?"
"Verse 14. Your greatest warriors will not escape, and your most feeble will not flee. The wounded will be healed, but you will become weak; yes, the healed warriors will be delivered, and they will deliver themselves."
"Verse 14: Shall we live with the one who lives in peace, or shall we live with the one who lives in holiness? You are not holy, Lord; we will not see you."
"Verse 14. If God is for me, will He not give me what I need? Anyway, He tells me."
"Verse 14: Shall he have joy, shall he be born?"
"Verse 14. Then it was announced and determined. The men, whom I had previously informed about you, that you are leading a mutiny, have already tested you in relation to the matters before you; are you innocent?"
"Verse 15. If Jesus himself, even though he teaches, reports about their authority, and it pervades, then who preaches? Will you listen? Do you want to be cured?"
"Verse 15. The good classroom, you guys ordered Peter, John, and others: ""What are they discussing among themselves?"""
"Verse 15. If the uncircumcised, or if the circumcised, what is the difference? But suppose we, becoming new creations, are changed?"
"Verse 15. The wicked borrow and do not repay, but the righteous show mercy and are generous, for they will inherit the land, surely their inheritance will be forever. Yet the Lord is still on his throne, directing his army of angels with mercy to help those who are his people."
"Verse 15. How will we decide, should we send him to you, us? The woman had already done nothing that would require the death penalty, punishment."
"Verse 15. I no longer call you slaves, because a master doesn't confide in his slaves. You are my friends, since I have told you everything the Father told me."
"Verse 15. Thank you for the great and wonderful gift, it's so large that I just can't explain it in words!"
"Verse 15. I, even I, and the women whom I instructed, we tried to make an end of them, but they would not listen, however, you cannot act."
"Verse 15. If our name is called upon, his name you will complete, will you proceed to honor? How, his people you led to Egypt, you all snatched with large signs of strong muscle. We have completed sin, have we been completely filled with evil?"
"Verse 15. And the Lord said to him, ""Begin building below you, and I will be with you as you construct,"" but it did not happen to you."
"Verse 15: They were staying there until the death of Herod. This was to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet, ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16: Now, my dear brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. And fear came on all, and they glorified God, saying, ""A great prophet has arisen among us"", and ""God has visited his people."""
"Verse 16: O Israel, listen."
"Verse 16: The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, I will call him 'my husband', and they will no longer call me 'my officials' but 'my husband'."""
"Verse 16: He said to them, ""But who do you say that I am?"" Simon Peter answered and said, ""You are the Christ, the Son of the living God."""
"Verse 16. She is filled with pleasure, joyful, and owns her own honour."
"Verse 16: When evening came, the disciples went down to the sea, and they got into a boat, and were going over the sea to Capernaum; and it had already become dark, and Jesus had not yet come to them."
Verse 17. But he who is joined to the Lord becomes one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But if it happens to her, she combs her hair and washes her face."
"Verse 17: Jesus asked, ""Wasn't the one I healed standing here?"" but they didn't know where he was."
"Verse 17. Now, my precious ones, I have one more request. You have already been taught that this opposes and causes divisions among people of faith, warning you, so beware. You."
"Verse 17. And this became known to all, regarding what happened, spreading immediately around Ephesus, both to the Jews and to the Greeks. The name of the Lord Jesus was being held in high honor, and the word of the Lord was becoming mighty, and fear fell on the city; was the Lord Jesus' name awesome?"
Verse 17. Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. For it is written in the law of Moses, ""You shall not muzzle an ox while it treads out the grain."" Is God concerned about oxen, or does he say this for our benefit? Yes, this was written for us, because when farmers plow and thresh, they should be able to do so in the hope of sharing in the harvest! In some places it is said, ""The laborer deserves his wages!"""
"Verse 18. You are all becoming like me, think of me, I am not like that, no longer these."
"Verse 18: Shortly, will it be said with amazement, has this come to pass?"
"Verse 18. The evil people become rich for a minute, but the gift of the clean people continues."
Verse 19. Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19. I love, and I am correct in discipline. So why is it hard? Don't I not care, or am I not interested?"
"But Mary, who was in the place of these events, treasured all these things, and pondered them in her heart."
"Verse 19: Jesus asked, ""What is your name?"" She said, ""My name is..."" Only goodness came from her."
"Verse 19. He who sees a dream becomes true, will enjoy, but the foolish will not turn from evil and will receive."
"Verse 19. Who is it that speaks? Is it not he? Do you tear off the roof, and remove the tiles? When they had finished, a paralyzed man lay there, and they lowered him, and let him down through the tiles in front of Jesus."
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind will blow, and you will be gone. Your idol sacrifices will cause you to be shamed."
"Chapter 2. You priests, obey this command!"
"Thirty. Lord, you are exalted, shall I? Why, since you have already delivered me? My enemies, you refuse to let them suffer, you have overcome me."
"Verse 6: And he left there, Nazareth, their hometown, and went again with his disciples."
"Chapter 2. My watchtower, I will go up to it and stand on my secure places. I will wait and see what the Lord will say to me and how He will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter is from Paul, a servant of God, who has been prepared by God to spread the Good News about Jesus Christ. I am writing to all of you who are in Christ, who are holy and faithful followers of Jesus Christ."
"Verse 1: This letter is from John, the elder. I am writing to Gaius, my dear friend, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20. Behold! Knock! If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me."
"Verse 20: The words of the wise are like sterling silver, but the heart of a fool is worthless."
"Verse 20. For the day of the Lord is darkness, and not light, a day of gloom with no brightness in it, yet even in such a time, there is a little glimmer of hope."
"Verse 20: But are you not all one in the same, why then, for One is your Holy God, has He already given His Spirit to you? Actually, all of these things are familiar to you."
"Verse 20: Our chief priests and elders have condemned him to death, are you going to crucify him?"
"Verse 35. What man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?"
"Verse 21: Was it not a transgression that Christ was made to become sin for us, so that we might become the righteousness of God in Him."
"Verse  ?.  ""Come!"" he called, Oh! Oh! How you guys ask a question. ?, and persons certainly do my dad God's scheme? ? will direct input.  Note: Since the sentence contains many unknown words (<unk>), it is difficult to provide an accurate reconstruction. However, based on the given context and the format of the examples provided, I have attempted to reconstruct the sentence as above."
"Verse 21: But when I was leaving for Macedonia, you said, ""I will return to you,"" and if it is the will of God, I will come back to you; or else I might have to send a ship from Ephesus."
"Verse: This rule only teaches the flesh about things, and we, it becomes worse."
"Verse 9: Do the Gentiles, who do not know you, come to you? And as soon as they come in, they will ask for the master of the house, saying, ""Where is the one who was born here?"" Oh, daughter of Zion! And he, David's son, will dominate you. Can the Gentiles, who are oppressed, be saved?"
"Verse 22: Does one become stronger in preaching if they are a follower of Jesus Christ, surely the Messiah, from Damascus, a Hebrew, and you cannot be wrong?"
Verse 17. Will a period of time come when God will take revenge? Is the word of the prophets to be fulfilled?
"Verse 13. Then Jesus answered and said to her, I, I was sent only to the lost sheep of the house of Israel, I have now finished."
"Verse 22: Do. They will surely listen to you, and you will come to me."
"Verse 23: His master said to him, 'Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful over a few things, I will put you in charge of many things? Enter into the joy of your lord!' Let us celebrate!"
"Verse 23. Wisdom is with the people who do not show that they know, but a fool announces his foolishness."
"Verse 23: What is more important, you or your possessions?"
"Verse 23: Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him."
"Verse 23. But do you know what will happen? Did he prepare it before? What happened to Jesus, who was betrayed? It is opposite to the law, and it does not help, because you guys do not know who you are."
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because he has been mindful of me."
"Verse 24: I called to you, a million of you, but you did not come. I reached out to you, but you did not achieve."
"Verse 24. I also have received help from the Lord, and that is why I am coming to the two of you."
"Verse 24. And the word of the Lord continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased greatly."
Verse 24: Let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds.
"Verse 24. Joseph, comma, your father Matthat full stop. Levi, comma, their left side father headscarf full stop. Matthat, comma, your father Melki full stop. Jannai, comma, their left side father Jannai full stop. Joseph, comma, your father unknown full stop. However, considering the context and the pattern of biblical genealogies, a more likely reconstruction would be: Verse 24. Joseph, comma, your father was Matthat full stop. Matthat, comma, his father was Levi's brother or relative, whose father was headscarf or possibly a mistake for ""son of"" full stop is not clear but it seems to follow the pattern:  Matthat, comma, your father was Melki full stop. Melki, comma, his father was Jannai full stop. Jannai, comma, his father's name is unknown full stop. A more coherent version based on typical biblical genealogical records would be: Verse 24. Joseph, son of Matthat, son of Levi, son of Melki, son of Jannai...  This follows the common pattern in biblical texts for listing ancestors and descendants."
"Verse 25. But does he inform, towards, at that time, living, to desire, ? had none. Does he convert? She exists, ? ? .  Note: Since the decomposition contains many unknown or unspecified terms (<unk>), it's challenging to provide a coherent and grammatically correct sentence. The reconstructed sentence above attempts to follow the given structure while acknowledging the limitations imposed by the unknown terms. A more accurate reconstruction would require additional context or information about the missing terms."
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers lives, but a false witness is a betrayer."
"Verse 25: Now about eating food sacrificed to idols, we have written to you in our letter, shouldn't you avoid idolatry? Should you eat or drink blood, and then eat flesh of animals that have been sacrificed to idols? Furthermore, should you engage in sexual immorality, which is a sin."
"Verse 25. Now the people were in a drunken state, and you demanded, and they said to us, ""We will have pleasure!"" Well, bring her out to have pleasure! You brought her outside to enjoy yourselves, between the pillars that support the roof up above, where you stood."
"Verse 26. If it is to be that she becomes mine, then let us compare, but if you have to take her from other people, your parents, and, and, and, yes, moreover, their left side will live. If not, she will not become mine."
"Verse 26. And he said to them again, ""Are you guys going to fight the men of Israel?"" Do you see? He tried to make peace. Saying, ""We are brothers, don't fight each other, what's going on?"""
"Verse 26: Furthermore, I know that you, Agrippa, are familiar with these things. I speak boldly, for I am sure that these events have occurred among you, don't you know them? You can't be unaware of what has happened!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The kingdom is like a man who casts seed upon the soil; and he goes to bed at night and gets up by day, and the seed sprouts and grows -- how, he himself does not know."
"Verse 26. For, our God is an unstable one, help me. What kind of god do we pray to about this? We don't know. But the Holy Spirit prays for us, and what words should we use to express the reasons why?"
"Verse 26: Well, the thing that you say to people in front of them, you fail to do. Instead, their importance makes you amazed, and you become silent."
"Verse 26. And there he came, when Saul arrived, did you try to assemble with the disciples? Are you afraid of them? He does not disbelieve, for surely he will become a believer!"
"Verse 26: What has happened that the army listens to you, and you go to the official and ask, ""What do you want?""  Are you a Roman citizen?"
"Verse 27: Do you go ahead to meet the man from Ethiopia, a eunuch of great authority under Kandake, the queen of Ethiopia? Has he come to Jerusalem to worship?"
Verse 27: What was the purpose that I had intended to complete? Did she finish what she started? She did not.
"Verse 28: Has not the God of heaven revealed to King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen? Your dream, and the visions of your head upon your bed, are these; as for you, when you were sleeping, I saw them."
"Verse 28: Have I had five? Will he caution these, that they do not come into this terrible place of suffering."
"Verse 2. For Mordecai was great in the king's sight, and became more and more powerful, and the story of Mordecai was written in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2: Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ."
"Verse 2: Is she acquainted with the Hebrew name Aquila? He was born over there in Pontus, and has just arrived from Italy with his wife Priscilla. Did you leave Italy because Claudius Caesar commanded all Romans of Hebrew descent to depart?"
"Verse 2: Well, you began to teach them."
Verse 2: And a poor widow came and put in two small coins.
"Verse 2: My father's house has many rooms; if that were not so, would I have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you?"
"Verse 2. The people say, ""He will never deliver us!"""
"Verse 2: Shall I seek help from God, who made heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2: But when it was now soon time for the Jewish festival of the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2: Who among the gods is like you, O Lord? You are glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders. Who is like you? You should be feared, for you are great and do wonderful things; you are God alone, except for me, there is none."
"Verse 31. But even though my father requires this of me, what actions will I take? The world will know that I love my father. And then, we departed."
"Verse 31. I, the elders, lead where the wall's peak was established for two large choirs to thank God. The first choir proceeded in the opposite direction of north on top of the wall to the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32. But the time is near, and it will happen to you today; you will be scattered, each to his own place, and none of you will be left with me? Am I to remain alone? I am not alone, because the Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery, but I speak concerning Christ and the church."
"Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories, to show and teach the people as much as they could understand."
"Verse 34: And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: Who are you, and what do you have to do with the law, that you give orders?"
"Verse 73. They told Jesus, ""The Nazarene""."
"Verse 83. But when the son came, the farmers said to one another, ""This is the heir; come, let us kill him, so that the inheritance may be ours!"" What then will the owner of the vineyard do to them?"
"Verse 83. Who is Isaiah? Is this the sign of Isaiah? For here is the definitive Isaiah, whose prophecies are complete, and who informs, and who completes, but does one believe? Is God's powerful arm finished? Does God complete, but is it a question?"
"Verse 93: If the man of the house had known at what hour the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93. Does Jesus inform the world that I have come to judgment, or does he heal and is seen? Then the people who are blind will see, but if you are blind, do you not see?"
"Verse 93: And Philip was caught away by the Spirit of the Lord, and they saw him no more. But they went on their way, continuing to celebrate the festivals."
"Verse 3: But, brethren, I have sent you a letter, did I not? Have I made you ready for this? Moreover, their money has all been spent. My boast about you to them is not wrong."
"Verse 3: And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks and laid them on the fire, a viper came out because of the heat and fastened itself on his hand."
"Verse 3: By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
Verse 3. Two people cannot walk together unless they are agreed.
"Verse 3: When I heard these things, I sat down and wept. For some days I mourned and fasted and prayed before the God of heaven. I also wore rough burlap and sprinkled myself with ashes."
"Verse 3: If they ask you, 'What shall we do?' say to them, 'The Lord says, ""Should you not repent, I will bring...""?"
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Now Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples, was the devil Satan entered into him,"
"Verse 3: Is it well with you, California? Before the cups were inside the temple, did people take them from the house of their master in Jerusalem? Do the king's honor, people, and their wives, and their children drink from these cups?"
"Verse 3. For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, they took their blood and sprinkled it on the book, and on all the people, saying, ""We will continue to do all the words of this law."" And when they had finished, three more were added, that you would not commit sin against the Lord your God, but would admit and worship the Lord your God."
"Verse 3. Is the Lord among us or not? If He is with us, why has all this happened to us? Are we better off now than before? Hasn't He delivered us into their hands so that we are at their mercy? Shall we prosper?"
"Verse 40! Oh, how the prophets who spoke to you have suffered! He says,"
"Verse 40: But as for the one who sits at my right hand, I do not know; it is for those for whom it has been prepared by my Father. He will put the others to shame, for those are the ones for whom it has been prepared."
"Verse 42. It spreads about the town, and many people believe in the Lord."
"Verse 42. For he has appointed us to preach about Jesus, that He is the Christ, the Son of God, who will judge the living and the dead."
"Verse 42: Nor does your appearance look like that of the other women, and your speech is not like theirs, so you must have entered the kingdom on their left side."
"Verse 42. Nor did Jesus ask him, ""Who are you?"" for he already knew what was in his heart. The stone which the builders rejected has become the cornerstone; this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes?"
"Verse: Then the dishonest soul says, ""I have previously left, and he goes again, he will go."" So he goes again, to where is the place that I am now naked, sweeps what has already been swept."
"Verse 8: I will crush your descendants, and they will be like dust under the feet of my people. Will the enemies of the Lord have no remainder or place to flee, for he has given them into our hands, but you have not obtained this opportunity?"
"Verse 54: Thus I speak the truth, but you do not believe me!"
"Verse 54. Then the spirit is willing, but is it weaker than another? Are you more corrupted than an individual, are all things worse for you? So that person is even more corrupt. This corruption will be experienced."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer her, I will destroy her, I will behead her. Her women will die, their bodies I will give to all the birds and beasts, that all may know that I, the Lord, have done this in Israel!"
"Verse 64: Shall he again see, and none know? Shall he be born, and who shall be his servant? Shall the people not have faith, and shall they not join you?"
"Verse 74: They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away."
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""You would betray the Son of Man."
"Verse 84. Shall the king do, or high places of Daniel? Many gifts made him rich, did she? He made Daniel ruler over all, as well as their wisdom, the women them, and she becomes boss on them."
"Verse 4. If you become famous, what a great event! If wonderful things happen to you, can you handle it? Then what will happen next? Who is he to himself!"
"Verse 4: Let goodness grow, for when their patience has been fully developed, then you will be perfect and complete, needing nothing."
"Verse 4. They are filled with joy in your presence, and I say, Hallelujah!"
"Verse 4. But my dear children, according to what you know. You are from God, and you have overcome them, because the one who is in you is greater than the one who is in the world, for whoever is born of God overcomes the world, and who is it that overcomes the world, but the one who believes that Jesus is the Son of God?"
"Verse 4: Has God indeed come to visit you, and is the Lord's abode with men on earth? ... You have already been honored, but what can I do for you now that you have been given great honor?"
"Verse 4. What can be added to you, a portion that you should already give? But he said, ""You, however, have everything you need; what more could you possibly give?"""
"Verse 50: I know that God orders all things for the good of those who love him, but even if my father tells me so, I will not believe it."
"Verse 51. Then they arrived, Jesus had only suffered with them, whom did Peter, John, James, and the child of the parents..."
"Verse 53. You will not arrest me in the temple, I am over there. I am over there. But this is your day, and the power of darkness rules."
"Verse 54: Nor shall our bodies be changed to corpses, nor shall we ever die, but here in this place we shall wither: Death shall be swallowed up in victory."
"Verse 58: So, did you do only a few miracles for her? Why, then, because you do not believe?"
"Verse 5: Why did only a few people of Israel have faith, since it is because of God's grace that He chose them?"
"Verse 5. He stood before God at Mount Sinai, and the mountain shook, and the hills quaked, and the earth trembled, and the people were ruined."
"Verse 5: And there came a certain centurion, when Jesus was entering into Capernaum, and he besought him,"
Verse 5: What do we try to use flattery for? Do you think we are trying to win you over? Our witness is that we are not trying to make friends with them just to get their money!
"Verse 5. For pride goes before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall. He who obstructs us, destroys himself. Does insurrectionary thinking catch us? Teach us to submit to Jesus Christ."
"Verse 5. But we were willing to have given up our lives for you, not for one moment. For we are convinced that the Gospel which we preach is the true one, and we desire to retain it for them."
"Verse 76: Or did the child of his father Zerubbabel, or your fathers, ever prophesy?"
"Verse 6: And because we are children of God, since God has sent the Spirit of his Son into our hearts, crying ""Abba, Father!"", does this not remind us that we call You our Father?"
"Verse 6: Oh, hear my prayer, listen to my cry; hold not your peace at my tears! For I am a stranger with you, a sojourner like all my fathers. I admit we have sinned, we have done wrong, we have acted wickedly. For my own sake, for my family's sake, our sin!"
"Verse 6: But God, who comforts the depressed, comforted us by the arrival of Titus."
"Verse 6: Now at the feast of the Passover, it was the custom for the governor to release to the crowd any one prisoner whom they might choose."
"Verse 6: Simon Peter said to Him, ""Lord, do You wash my feet?"" Jesus answered and said to him, ""What I do you do not realize now, but you will understand hereafter."""
"Verse 6: We are always confident, knowing that as long as we are at home in the body we are away from the Lord."
"Verse 6: Shall I lift up my voice to the Lord, shall I cry out to God for help? Will He hear my voice, will He answer all my troubles? The Lord has delivered me."
"Verse 6: Nor does anyone spit on the ground, or a blind person receive their sight?"
"Verse 6. We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body of sin might be rendered powerless, that we should no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6: For this reason I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus and your love for all the saints, do not cease giving thanks for you, while making mention of you in my prayers; that you may be filled with the knowledge of His will in all spiritual wisdom and understanding, so that you will walk in a manner worthy of the Lord, to please Him in all respects, bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God;"
Verse 73: God had promised our forefather Abraham.
"Verse 7: Oh heaven and fog, are you coming? Is God directing you? Yes, people, are you directing God? The world and nations will mourn to God. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7: Yet if I speak the truth, why do you not believe me? If I honor my Father and you dishonor me, how can you say that I am seeking glory for myself, when in fact it is the Father who glorifies me?"
"Verse 7. Don't you know that we were born of this earth, and have nothing in common? What happens when we leave, similar to, we cannot do anything together?"
"Verse 7. He told its keeper, ""For three years now I've been coming to look for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?"""
"Verse 7. And the people came to dinner, and they were sitting near the front seats of honour; Jesus noticed who was sitting there, and he said:"
"Verse 7. For now my sons are mine, and I am ready, saying, ""Never stray:"
"Verse 7: And other fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no grain."
"Verse 7. You will not be able to stand, and I will not be able to stand!"
"Verse 7: For he says, ""Do not die, but whoever will live, where will they go?"" and once more they will live."
"Verse 7: ... , and you walk, and you love the uppermost seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the marketplaces, and to be called of men, Rabbi."
"Verse 8. Are the wedding attendants, do you guys, comma, pause, have everything, ready? question, I, me, already, previously, invited, comma, pause, you all, you, do not, know, it, full stop. Reconstructed sentence:  Verse 8. Are the servers ready? I have already invited you."
"Verse 8. And he entered into the synagogue, and spoke boldly for the space of three months, reasoning and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God."
"Verse 8. And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night."
"Verse 8. For they, being ignorant of God's righteousness and seeking to establish their own, have not submitted to God's righteousness."
"Verse 8. Had we much trouble to get to the haven of success, and did we at last reach it, near the city of Lasea?"
"Verse 8. For if there is first a willing mind, it is accepted according to what one has, and not according to what he does not have. For I do not mean that others should be eased and you burdened, but by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may supply their lack, that afterward their abundance may also supply your lack, that there may be equality, as it is written: ""He who gathered much had nothing left over, and he who gathered little had no lack."" But thanks be to God who puts the same earnest care for you into the heart of Titus. For indeed he accepted the exhortation, but being more diligent, he went to you of his own accord. And we have sent with him the brother whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches, and not only that, but who was also chosen by the churches to travel with us with this gift, which is administered by us to the glory of the Lord Himself and to show your ready mind, avoiding this, that anyone should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us, providing honorable things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men. And we have sent with them our brother whom we have often proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, because of the great confidence which we have in you. If anyone inquires about Titus, he is my partner and fellow worker concerning you, or our brethren, they are messengers of the churches, the glory of Christ. Therefore show to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love and of our boasting on your behalf, that the churches may see your readiness and the reason for our boasting about you may be manifest in them, as it is also manifest to us, that we should not be ashamed in anything when we make our boasting about you to them, but that, as I was saying, you may have something to boast about, so that the gift which comes from your bounty may be a willing gift, not given grudgingly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver. And God is able to make all grace abound toward you, that you, always having all sufficiency in all things, may have an abundance for every good work, as it is written: ""He has dispersed abroad, he has given to the poor; his righteousness remains forever."" Now may He who supplies seed to the sower, and bread for food, supply and multiply the seed you have sown and increase the fruits of your righteousness, while you are enriched in everything for all liberality, which causes thanksgiving through us to God. For the administration of this service not only supplies the needs of the saints, but also is abounding through many thanksgivings to God, while, through the proof of this ministry, they glorify God for the obedience of your confession to the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal sharing with them and all men, and by their prayer for you, who long for you because of the exceeding grace of God in you. Thanks be to God for His indescribable gift."
"Verse 8. You, who are near the house of the promiscuous woman, do not stroll slowly to her home on your left."
"Verse 9: I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer persecution and that people blaspheme, saying you are Hebrews, but that is not true, for they claim to have the temple of God, but it is actually the synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: Do they not work for the one who blesses them, and are they not blessed? Has the potter no right over the clay, to make out of the same lump one vessel for honored use and another for dishonorable use?"
"Verse 9: That which is desired, that happens, saying, ""The eye has not seen, nor the ear heard, nor have entered into the heart of man, the things which God has prepared for those who love Him."""
"Verse 9: Don't you know that now you should say, ""If the Lord wills, we shall live and also do this or that""? But as it is, you boast in your arrogance; all such boasting is evil. Do you want to know, O empty man, that faith without works is useless? Was not our father Abraham justified by works when he offered his son Isaac on the altar? Do you see that faith was working together with his works, and by works faith was made perfect? And the Scripture was fulfilled which says, ""Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness."" And he was called the friend of God. You see then that a man is justified by works, and not by faith only. Likewise, was not Rahab the harlot also justified by works when she received the messengers and sent them out another way? For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also."
"Verse 9. He refuses to help me. You are my helper, I ask, will you leave me now? Will you abandon me? You're my deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Do you deal falsely with each other, as your fathers did? Behave and act, for I have thrown away all your evil deeds."
"Verse 9. For half of them, and all peoples, generations, languages, nations, and two of every kind of flesh will look. These have endured and been buried in the tomb of you all."
"Verse 9: Is my prayer to men? My prayer is to God, for I am complete with God, because you are according to God."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife, except for immorality, and marries another, commits adultery; and he who marries a divorced woman commits adultery."
"Verse 9. I, the Lord, will not destroy, for I am a powerful and angry God. Israel has not been destroyed, why then has the Lord not done so? For He is not a small or insignificant God. I, the Holy One, live among you, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9: Whoever has ears to hear, let him hear and understand."
"Verse 9: and she must be well reported of for good works; if she has brought up children, if she has lodged strangers, if she has washed the saints' feet, if she has relieved the afflicted, if she has diligently followed every good work. No one can be enrolled as a widow unless she is at least sixty years old, and the wife of one husband;"
"Verse 9: Do people look the same? Yes! Do persons appear the same, but have a strong and identical mouth! Although the beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we may not perish?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, ""To your children will I give this land."" And there builded he an altar to the Lord, who appeared unto him."
"And the Lord appeared unto her the same night, and said, ""I am the God of your father Abraham. Do not be afraid, for I am with you, and I will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"I see things, and hear. I listen, and hear."
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
"To separate the day from the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good."
"For God knows that in the day you eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to discern, then comes combat, and numerous are the agents that have delivered more."
"After all, ignorance destroys knowledge and the mouth spoke concerning reckless actions."
"That which shall befall when he seeth that the experience is not with us, that thou wilt die, and thy maids shall bring down the grey hair of thy servant our father with anguish to the tomb."
"The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites."
