"For the individual and for the family of God. For the category. Our secure place is God, God, who heals, in troubles God, we trust."
"He who leaves his parents, and despises their instruction, is stupid, but he who considers wisdom is right."
"Assume that it is well, then the righteous will inherit the land and the beloved of the Lord will dwell in it, but the wicked will be cut off, and the sinners will be no more, and they will present gifts to their grandchildren."
"An anxious woman will come opposed to the men, or will she not be anxious when people strike."
"He assumes that knowledge is power, and that people who have it will use it to destroy others."
"And Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and begot a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth,"
"Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ, who was baptized in the Jordan River by John to fulfill all righteousness for Israel. He lives among us as our Savior and Redeemer, bringing hope and salvation to all people, and through faith in Him, we receive eternal life."
"Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was called Zerah."
"They, the family of the impoverished, were left; did they despise their friends who were distant? They chases to talk, but they are not coming."
"He who is hearing-impaired has the potential to instruct these hearing-impaired individuals. They ought to recognize alike the language that spreads equally. The future holds achievement.  Note: Due to the presence of <unk> tokens, some parts of the sentence had to be inferred or reconstructed based on context and grammatical correctness."
"There is a flame, suppose an addition of more wood than charcoal, the flame becomes larger, same if these individuals bring about terrible things, because she does not have peaceful intentions."
"The doors, the one similar to an indolent individual, stays in bed."
"Upon the children, should punishment be intertwined? Although people are opposed, punishment will be large in the future."
My voice is intertwined with my son.
"I am soft, that I would not go towards murder. I am one who is gentle. A hundredth: it destroys the fruit. You are the one. Remember me.  Note: The sentence has many unknown words (<unk>) which makes it difficult to reconstruct a coherent and meaningful sentence. However, based on the given context and words, this is one possible reconstruction."
"But I considered it, when he would become well with him, and God showed him kindness, that I asked him to speak for me to Pharaoh, to bring me out of his house."
The cat is white.
"The Paris school today, but now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school at Paris named after the way of Reu? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Do you believe?! Suppose she believes,  help me, I believe, comma, assist me, it is certainly true, help me, comma, I am begging you!"
"However, the rocket failed. They must maintain the rocket system, as most of Elon Musk's projects ought to be successful."
"What is it, but you speak about many things against me? Who opposes me, the majority of deaf people who consider themselves this way? However, deaf people who are not about not being able to feel, do they sense something? I understand."
"And you said, ""We have suffered in our journey, and we have gone, and I will go before him who was there."
"And Esau took his wives and his sons and his daughters and all the persons of his household and his cattle and all his beasts and all his possessions which he had acquired in the land of Canaan, and went to a land away from his brother Jacob."
"The Father himself loves you, because you have loved me and have believed that I came from God."
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him, nor do I inform you of this as a Christian, but concerning the death of Christ, that class of people who have perished, according to the plan and scheme of God, will also be raised together with Jesus."
"For my sake do not leave, transportation is far."
"John 5:20.  For the Father loves the Son, and shows Him all things that He Himself does; and He will show Him greater works than these, that you may marvel."
John 1:16.
"Then you will go and meet these two in the law. The daughter's husband. Lot said, ""Here in this city I will leave, for God will destroy it."" But these two listened to Lot as if he were joking."
"And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Joyful bday.
"The harvest gather wheat, barley, and other crops."
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And also you, whose eyes and gaze, and look, saw three women near you: and when you saw them, you ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
"So the honor of the people who walk in integrity will be delivered, but those who are crooked in their ways will fall into their own traps."
"And you arose in the night and took your two wives, and your two female servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed over the ford of the Jabbok river where there was little water."
"His disciples asked him continually, ""Up to this time, how is it that you have not believed, and ask, and ask a question?"" The disciple replied, ""Not yet, for we have no perception."
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29.
"And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"And your brother and your mother said, ""She suffered so that she could stay with us a few days, at least for the best, now that it's complete, you should go."
"And I said unto my masters, ""If it please you, I will not follow."""
"I will listen to the deaf school, and,  and. .  and and and and and."
"John 5, verse 34."
"And also, as well, of him, the son of the bondwoman, will I make a nation, because he is your seed."
"Attention, be familiar with the future, a terrible judgment of His hand. First, I, God, will dispatch the prophet called Elijah in the future."
"Assume you have knowledge, that is your right, but assume you have it, and you suffer alone."
John 1:4.
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
Ishmael was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
"And that which happened, as she came back, whose hand was on it, that the midwife took notice of, when his brother came out, and she said, ""How did you break through?"" So his name was called Perez."
"And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot had lived."
"And it happened, when Rachel had finished bearing Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."""
"And when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said to them, ""Go again, buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, the life in the corner of a small house with peace, or a big house with a spouse and combat?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are healthy don't need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, since they do not know what they are doing."" Next, the soldiers divided his clothes among themselves by casting lots to see who would get which piece. The person who wrote this wrote it and put it inside a jar, but how did they determine this, and was it moved from its original place?"
"John 5:19. Jesus gave them this answer, ""I tell you the truth, the Son can do nothing by himself; he can do only what he sees his Father doing, because whatever the Father does the Son also does."
"And Jokshan, the father of Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father, and the physicians embalmed Israel."
"And Laban said to him, ""You are indeed my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"Laban said, ""See this heap and the pillar, which I have set between you and me this day: is it not a witness? This heap is a witness, and the pillar is a witness, that I will not pass over this heap to you, and that you will not pass over this heap and this pillar to me, for harm. The God of Abraham and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge between us."" So Jacob swore by the Fear of his father Isaac. Then Jacob offered a sacrifice on the mountain and called his kinsmen to eat bread; and they ate bread and tarried all night in the mountain. And early in the morning Laban arose, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them; then Laban departed and returned to his place. Now Jacob went on his way, and angels of God met him; when Jacob saw them, he said, ""This is God's camp."" So he named that place Mahanaim. And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother in the land of Seir, the country of Edom. Then he commanded them, saying, ""Speak thus to my lord Esau, 'Thus your servant Jacob says: ''I have dwelt with Laban and stayed there until now; I have oxen and donkeys, flocks and male and female servants; and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find favor in your sight.'""''. And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, ""We came to your brother Esau, and he also is coming to meet you, and four hundred men are with him."" So Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed; and he divided the people who were with him, and the flocks and herds and camels, into two companies. And he said, ""If Esau comes to the one company and attacks it, then the other company which is left will escape."" Then Jacob said, ""O God of my father Abraham and God of my father Isaac, O Lord who said to me, 'Return to your country and to your family, and I will deal well with you': I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies and of all the truth which You have shown Your servant; for I crossed over this Jordan with my staff, and now I have become two companies. Deliver me, I pray, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau; for I fear him, lest he come and attack me and the mother with the children. For You said, 'I will surely treat you well, and make your descendants as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.'"" So he lodged there that same night, and took what came to his hand as a present for Esau his brother: two hundred female goats and twenty male goats, two hundred ewes and twenty rams, thirty milk camels with their colts, forty cows and ten bulls, twenty female donkeys and ten foals. Then he delivered them to the hand of his servants, every drove by itself, and said to his servants, ""Pass over before me, and put some distance between successive droves."" And he commanded the first one, saying, ""When Esau my brother meets you and asks you, saying, 'To whom do you belong, and where are you going? And whose are these in front of you?' then you shall say, 'They are your servant Jacob's. It is a present sent to my lord Esau; and behold, he also is behind us.'"" So he commanded the second, the third, and all who followed the droves, saying, ""In this manner you shall speak to Esau when you find him; and also say, 'Behold, your servant Jacob is behind us.'"" For he said, ""I will appease him with the present that goes before me, and afterward I will see his face; perhaps he will accept me."" So the present went on over before him, but he himself lodged that night in the camp. And he arose that night and took his two wives, his two female servants, and his eleven sons, and crossed over the ford of Jabbok. He took them, sent them over the brook, and sent over what he had. Then Jacob was left alone; and a Man wrestled with him until the breaking of day. Now when He saw that He did not prevail against him, He touched the socket of his hip; and the socket of Jacob's hip was out of joint as He wrestled with him. And He said, ""Let Me go, for the day breaks."" But he said, ""I will not let You go unless You bless me!"" So He said to him, ""What is your name?"" He said, ""Jacob."" And He said, ""Your name shall no longer be called Jacob, but Israel; for you have struggled with God and with men, and have prevailed."" Then Jacob asked, saying, ""Tell me Your name."" And He said, ""Why is it that you ask about My name?"" And He blessed him there. So Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: ""For I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."" And as he crossed over Penuel the sun rose on him, and he limped on his hip. Therefore to this day the children of Israel do not eat the muscle that shrank, which is on the hip socket, because He touched the socket of Jacob's hip in the place of the muscle that shrank. Now Jacob lifted his eyes and looked, and there, Esau was coming, and with him were four hundred men. So he divided the children among Leah, Rachel, and the two maidservants. And he put the maidservants and their children in front, then Leah and her children behind, and Rachel and Joseph last. Then he crossed over before them and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother. But Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck and kissed him, and they wept. And he lifted his eyes and saw the women and children, and said, ""Who are these with you?"" So he said, ""The children whom God has graciously given your servant."" Then the maidservants came near, they and their children, and bowed down. And Leah also came near with her children, and they bowed down. Afterward Rachel and Joseph came near, and they bowed down. Then Esau said, ""What do you mean by all this company which I met?"" And he said, ""These are to find favor in the sight of my lord."" But Esau said, ""I have enough, my brother; keep what you have for yourself."" And Jacob said, ""No, please, if I have now found favor in your sight, then receive this present from my hand, inasmuch as I have seen your face as though I had seen the face of God, and you were pleased with me. Please, take my blessing that is brought to you, because God has dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough."" So he urged him, and he took it. Then Esau said, ""Let us take our journey; let us go, and I will go before you."" But Jacob said to him, ""My lord knows that the children are weak, and the flocks and herds which are nursing are with me. And if the men should drive them hard one day, all the flocks will certainly die. Please, my lord, let my lord go on ahead before his servant; I will lead on slowly at a pace which the livestock that go before me, and the children, are able to endure, until I come to my lord in Seir."" And Esau said, ""Now let me leave with you some of the people who are with me."" But he said, ""What need is there? Let me find favor in the sight of my lord."" So Esau returned that day on his way to Seir. And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, built himself a house, and made booths for his livestock; therefore the name of the place is called Succoth. Then Jacob came safely to the city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padan Aram; and he pitched his tent before the city. And he bought the parcel of land, where he had pitched his tent, from the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for one hundred pieces of money. Then he erected an altar there and called it El Elohe Israel. Now Dinah the daughter of Leah, whom she had borne to Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her and lay with her, and violated her. His soul was strongly attracted to Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the young woman and spoke kindly to her. So Shechem spoke to his father Hamor, saying, ""Get me this young woman as a wife."" And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter. Now his sons were with his livestock in the field; so Jacob held his peace until they came. Then Hamor the father of Shechem went out to Jacob to speak with him. And the sons of Jacob came in from the field when they heard it; and the men were grieved and very angry, because he had done a disgraceful thing in Israel by lying with Jacob's daughter, a thing which ought not to be done. But Hamor spoke with them, saying, ""The soul of my son Shechem longs for your daughter; please, give her to him as a wife. And make marriages with us; give your daughters to us, and take our daughters to yourselves. So we shall dwell together, and the land shall be before you. Dwell and trade in it, and acquire possessions for yourselves in it."" Then Shechem said to her father and her brothers, ""Let me find favor in your eyes, and whatever you say to me I will give. Ask me ever so much dowry and gift, and I will give according to what you say to me; but give me the young woman as a wife."" But the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father, and spoke deceitfully, because he had defiled Dinah their sister. And they said to them, ""We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one who is uncircumcised, for that would be a reproach to us. But on this condition we will consent to you: If you will become as we are, if every male of you is circumcised, then we will give our daughter to you; and we will take your daughters to us; and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people. But if you will not heed us and be circumcised, then we will take our daughter and be gone."" And their words pleased Hamor and Shechem, Hamor's son. So the young man did not delay to do the thing, because he delighted in Jacob's daughter. He was more honorable than all the household of his father. And Hamor and Shechem his son came to the gate of their city, and spoke with the men of their city, saying: ""These men are at peace with us. Therefore let them dwell in the land and trade in it. For indeed the land is large enough for them. Let us take their daughters to us, and let us give them our daughters. Only on this condition will the men consent to dwell with us, to be one people: if every male among us is circumcised as they are circumcised. Will not their livestock, their property, and every animal of theirs be ours? Only let us agree with them, and they will dwell with us."" And all who went out of the gate of his city heeded Hamor and Shechem his son; every male was circumcised, all who went out of the gate of his city. Now it came to pass on the third day, when they were in pain, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brothers, each took his sword and came boldly upon the city and killed all the males. And they killed Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah from Shechem's house, and went out. The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and plundered the city, because their sister had been defiled. They took their sheep, their oxen, and their donkeys, what was in the city and what was in the field, and all their wealth. All their little ones and their wives they took captive; and they plundered even all that was in the houses. Then Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, ""You have troubled me by making me obnoxious among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites; and since I am few in number, they will gather themselves together against me and kill me. I shall be destroyed, my household and I."" But they said, ""Should he treat our sister like a harlot?"" And God said to Jacob, ""Arise, go up to Bethel and dwell there; and make an altar there to God, who appeared to you when you fled from the face of Esau your brother."" Then Jacob said to his household and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you, purify yourselves, and change your garments. Let us arise and go up to Bethel; I will make an altar there to God, who answered me in the day of my distress and has been with me in the way which I have gone."" So they gave Jacob all the foreign gods which were in their hands, and the earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the terebinth tree which was by Shechem. And they journeyed, and the terror of God was upon the cities that were all around them, and they did not pursue the sons of Jacob. So Jacob came to Luz (that is, Bethel), as God had said to him, and built an altar there and called the place El Bethel, because there God appeared to him when he fled from the face of his brother. Now Deborah, Rebekah's nurse, died, and she was buried below Bethel under the terebinth tree; so the name of it was called Allon Bachuth. Then God appeared to Jacob again, when he came from Padan Aram, and blessed him. And God said to him, ""Your name is Jacob; your name shall not be called Jacob anymore, but Israel shall be your name."" So He called his name Israel. Also God said to him: ""I am God Almighty. Be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall proceed from you, and kings shall come from your body. The land which I gave Abraham and Isaac I give to you; and to your descendants after you I give this land."" Then God went up from him in the place where He talked with him. So Jacob set up a pillar in the place where He talked with him, a pillar of stone; and he poured a drink offering on it, and he poured oil on it. And Jacob called the name of the place where God spoke with him, Bethel. Then they journeyed from Bethel; and when there was still some distance to go to Ephrath, Rachel began to give birth and had hard labor. Now it came to pass, when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said to her, ""Do not fear, for you will have this son also."" And so it was, as her soul was departing (for she died), that she called his name Ben-Oni; but his father called him Benjamin. So Rachel died and was buried on the way to Ephrath (that is, Bethlehem). And Jacob set a pillar on her grave, which is the pillar of Rachel's grave to this day. Then Israel journeyed and pitched his tent beyond the tower of Eder. And it came to pass, while Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine; and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve: the sons of Leah were Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun; the sons of Rachel were Joseph and Benjamin; the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's maid-servant, were Dan and Naphtali; and the sons of Zilpah, Leah's maid-servant, were Gad and Asher. These were the sons of Jacob who were born to him in Padan Aram. Then Jacob came to his father Isaac at Mamre, to Kirjath Arba (that is, Hebron), where Abraham and Isaac had sojourned. Now the days of Isaac were one hundred and eighty years. So Isaac breathed his last and died, and was gathered to his people, being old and full of days. And Esau and Jacob his brother buried him."
"The persons set their snares for you, but you were caught in a snare while I escaped."
"She endured your struggles, and God blessed her, and that which she had, you all shared, and she took pleasure in it."
My adaptation.
"John 1:94 doesn't exist in the Bible, as the first chapter of John only has 51 verses. However, I can reconstruct a sentence based on your request: According to John 1, verse does not exist, but if it did, it would be referenced as John 1:94."
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his other children, because he was the son of his old age. And he made him a cloak of many colors."
"Now, the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah, son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, take your sword, your quiver, and your bow, and go out into the field, and I will bring you some meat."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Verse 6 of poem 95: The two of us will worship, and bow."
Picasso has artwork to practice.
"He teaches that one does not desire silver, something better than California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"At present, I have two daughters who are not known to any man. I am suffering, and I pray you, bring them out to you and do to them as is good in your eyes; only do nothing to these women, for they came under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. Their path was changed, changed, and they did not realize theirs."
"Shem lived after he became the father of Arphaxad five hundred years, and had other sons and daughters."
"He who is aware that there is a hell and a grave will never be like those people who were previously concerned, never."
I have read many literature and books.
"What did he say? He was happy. It is true. The dog is very big and strong and fast. The man, however, is tired."
"He lingered with him a few days, until the anger of your brother turns away, and he forgets what you have done to him. Then I will send and bring you from there, and you shall be taken to this land, and I will not leave you. For I will be with you, and no one will attack you."
"Assume a person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to give a pledge of money or anything."
Thank you for coming to instruct in written signs.
"The city,  was a town, comma pause, the people of the city."
"And the women considered, ""Who would have told you?"" and they did not know that the Lord had made a breakthrough, or else He had not."
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."
John 7:20.
"one third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah, come Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to Jerusalem, and besieged it. In the."
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And her servant ran to meet us, and said, ""I have suffered much; I pray you, drink a little water from your pitcher."""
And the waters prevailed on the earth. And all the high hills under the whole heaven were covered.
"And the water receded from off the earth, and after one hundred and fifty days the waters decreased."
"Joshua said to the families, and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you and purify yourselves and change your garments."
"And they both dreamed a dream, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And you shall give to the Hebrews all the foreign gods which are in their hands, and all their earrings which are in their ears? And the Hebrews hid them under the oak tree that was by Shechem."
"This is he who came by water and blood, Jesus Christ; not with the water only, but with the water and the blood."
"Verse good. He says, ""No one is correct, not one."
"Verse 7: Do this, because the one who reclines in the place of honor is a crucial matter, then when the host sees it, he goes and says, ""You, come, we have a better place for you!"" Then you will have honor in the presence of all the other guests."
"Verse: This is good. Because the angels watch, and a woman must have her head covered, showing that she is under authority."
"Verse 10: My prophets I have sent to you, warning you with many dreams, and likewise."
"Verse 1: They were all good,  and some were from Libya, Cyrene, and Rome, being Hebrews and Jews by religion, both of them,"
"Verse 10. But the angel said, ""Do not be afraid! I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people."
"Verse good. Yes, my parents, the Lord God is near me, I shall."
"Verse 1: Good. Nor did the governor or Paul proceed to speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged this nation, and it is with joy that I stand to defend myself before you."""
"Verse: Well. Has evil conquered him? His servants, none of the plague came near."
"Verse 1: But I speak not concerning the unbelievers, for what do they do that will perplex sin? Then the greedy, cheat people, act like idol worship. As that, should we evade and ought to leave the earth?"
"Verse 11. Also, your neighbors and your family, you need to teach,  so that they may know the Lord. For does not everyone, at least, know that I am the Lord, and that I will make myself known in the future?"
"Verse 11: Now Christ has come, as the high priest of all the good things that are already here, and he has entered the greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made by human hands, that is, not a part of this creation, for the first tabernacle was still standing."
"Verse 11. Now, the things which you had started, should be completed. Are you eager? Now let your eagerness be the same in giving. How is your giving related to what you have?"
"Verse 11. But you say, ""If a man says to his father or mother, 'Whatever you might have gained from me is Corban'"" (that is, a gift to God), I can't help him. What you will be in the future, I give to you as a present now, I complete my pledge, and I give it to you as a gift."
"Verse 11. He who says, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also says, ""Do not murder."" If you do not commit adultery but do commit murder, you have become a lawbreaker."
"Verse 11. Here is the information, start until now you guys hear: We should love one another."
"Verse 11. God says to his people, ""Truly, it will happen to them, they will fall and be destroyed."" Won't they? They did not obey, so the people, the Gentiles, God had previously made it possible for you to deliver. But God desires that his people become jealous, doesn't he, to receive for himself?"
"Verse 11. Nor do I see any other creature on earth, but it has two horns like a lamb, and it speaks like a dragon."
"Verse 11. And I also announce to you that the Gentiles, people from all around the world, from east to west, will sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where are those who will sit with them?"
"Verse 11. Neither did Jesus, nor did He thank God, then gave, and when they had all eaten and were satisfied."
"Verse 11. It is well that there is rest, let us act so as to enter into it; but if we disobey, like the Israelites, we will surely fall."
"Verse 11. The enemy says, ""God knows what will happen, we will persecute them, and our power will prevail over you, and your work will be in vain."
Verse 11: He who has the Son has the life; he who does not have the Son of God does not have the life.
Verse 11. They overcame him because of the blood of the Lamb and because of the word of their testimony. They did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Has my complaint become tedious to you, or have I become a burden? Have I worn out my grieving garments, or have you already removed them? Instead, are you now rejoicing, and what is the source of your blessedness?"
"Verse 11. In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ; having been buried with Him in baptism, during which you were also raised up with Him through faith in the working of God, who raised Him from the dead."
"Verse 12. The Lord said, ""Now I will rise up, for I have had enough time."" He has seen their hearts. How did they come?"
"Verse 12. Will they remove their power, but you have endured for a longer period of time?"
"Verse 12. Blessed is the man who perseveres under trial, because when he has stood the test, he will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love him."
"Verse 12. He says to you guys, my associates, I am baffled, I tell you. The festivals celebrate, I am perplexed, if you guys can interpret, then thereby thirty fine linen cloaks, also thirty fine raiments, I will give."
"Verse 12. Thus the band of soldiers, and their captain, and the officers of the Jews, seized Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12. And the flesh of the animals was for food, moreover, to their partners, even as the judges in Etam. And the place was filled with beasts eating, and their burrows were filled, and they stole from them."
"Verse 12: Nor did any of the disciples ask him, ""Who are you?"" when recently he said, ""He is a Pharisee,"" did you cause them to question?"
"Verse 12. They will recognize you in the future, and this will reveal, and testify that in the future the infant babe, and the child, and the suckling, and the nursing, and the weaned, and the young, there are infants babes."
"Verse 12. We toil, working with our own hands. How is it that we bless those who curse us? When we are insulted, we patient, do we not?"
"Verse 13. The name of the mountain was Sinai, and when you arrived, God spoke to you, saying: ""What is it that I have done for you, just as the law also gives good instructions?"
"Verse 13. Your life may be tempting others to have the same experiences you've had. ... ... . No one can have patience if God is not suffered. When temptations happen, God will reveal a way out, so you can be patient."
"Verse 13. For the time is come when you should go to your brothers, whom do you have? What will you tell them?"
"Verse 13. A talebearer reveals secrets, but he who is trustworthy in spirit keeps a secret."
"Verse 13. Did the servant run for a reason, was he sent, did he go, or did he not certainly go?"
"Verse 13. One of his disciples, whom Jesus loved, was reclining at table close to Jesus,"
"Verse 13: When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and sailed along the shore of Crete."
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall that it came to pass in the Gospel which I brought to you, for I was sick."
"Verse 14: What sign show you, or what tale tell you, as the kingdom is ready to go? Who summoned your servants together? For I was here, but now I am not. Did you provide them with your money?"
"Verse 14. But your people said, ""Who are you that you should tell us to send away?"" and they said, ""We do not want you to be our master."""
"Verse 14: Truly, if you eat, is it not to the Lord that you eat, for you have been trained to discern good from evil?"
"Verse 14. Your greatest warriors will not escape, but will be disabled. The warriors you thought were healed will become weak, yes, the healed warriors will deliver themselves."
"Verse 14. Shall the living live with the dead? Shall the holy live with the unholy? You are not holy, Lord; we shall not see you."
"Verse 14. The Lord said to me, ""Will you be my future? Anyway, the Lord will receive it from me, and He will tell you."""
"Verse 14. Will she have a big and joyful family? For the birth of many people,"
"Verse 14. Then it was decided and announced. The woman said to them, ""I have previously been led by you into rebellion against the Lord, and I am the one who has guided you in this mutiny. Have you already tested those associated with you at the front? Are you innocent?"""
"Verse 15. If Jesus is teaching, and reports are circulating about His authority, then what is happening? Are you listening to Him preach? He will heal whoever wishes to be cured."
"Verse 15. Now a good many days after, Peter and John were discussed among themselves?"
"Verse 15. If the uncircumcised keeps the ordinances, what is the value of circumcision? Does it make any difference? What then is the profit of circumcision? Suppose we, being Jews, have been converted and become new creations?"
"Verse 15. The wicked borrow and do not repay, but the righteous show mercy and are generous. Surely the righteous will be rewarded, and will inherit the land, and will dwell upon it forever. For the Lord loves justice and will not forsake his faithful ones, he will preserve them forever, but the descendants of the wicked will be cut off, the Lord watches over the innocent, and will cut off the descendants of the wicked, and the righteous will inherit the land and dwell upon it forever."
"Verse 15. What has he decided? Should we send for him, us? The man had already done nothing that required the death penalty."
"Verse 15: I no longer call you slaves, because a slave does not know what his master is doing, but I have called you friends, since I have told you everything I have heard from my Father."
"Verse 15. Thank you for the great gift in this place, it's so wonderful that I cannot describe it with words!"
"Verse 15. A wise woman builds her house, but the foolish one tears it down with her own hands."
"Verse 15. Our father's name was not completed in honor, how his people were in Egypt, you snatched them with a strong sign. We have finished sin, have we been completely filled with evil?"
"Verse 15: The Lord is near to those who call upon him, to all who call upon him in truth, but the way of the wicked he turns upside down, and the desire of the righteous he brings to pass, however it may seem to you.  However a more accurate reconstruction would be  The Lord's temple is beneath you; start constructing it, and when it happens, you will..."
"Verse 15: They stayed there until the death of Herod. This was to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet, saying, ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16: Well, my dear brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16: And they were amazed, saying, ""A great prophet has arisen among us"", and ""God has visited his people""."
"Verse 16. Hear, O Israel, you shall give heed to them."
"Verse 16. The Lord says, ""When that day arrives, you will call me 'my Husband', and no longer 'my Master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to them, ""But who do you say that I am?"" Simon Peter answered, ""You are the Christ, the Son of the living God."""
"Verse 16: For I am filled with joy, happy in the Lord, for He has given me His own honour."
"Verse 16. That night, the disciples were on the shore of the water, waiting for Jesus."
Verse 17. But the person who is united to the Lord becomes one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But it so happened, that she had a comb, and washed her face."
"Verse 17. Jesus asked, ""I have already healed you, haven't I?"" 9, Where?"
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious children, and I have one more request. You have already been taught to oppose, which causes divisions among people of faith, and I warn you, but you."
"Verse 17. The issue about what had happened spread quickly around Ephesus, among both Jews and Greeks. The city was filled with a deep sense of reverence for the Lord Jesus, and His name was held in great honor."
Verse 17. Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. Doesn't he know that when an ox is walking on the grain, it should not be stopped? You ought to make it cease, and the people working should receive their wages!"
"Verse 18. You have become the servants of him whom you obey, do I speak to you as to children?"
"Verse 18. Will it be shortly, How wonderful, that becomes certainly true?"
"Verse 18. The evil people become rich for a minute, but the clean people's gift will continue."
Verse 19. Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19. I love the correction, for I am correct in discipline. So why is it so hard? I don't care, ... ,  Note: The sentence has some unknown components (<unk>) that make it difficult to provide a complete and accurate reconstruction. However, based on the available information, the above sentence is a possible interpretation."
But Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart.
"Verse 19. Jesus asked her, ""What is your husband's name?"" She said, ""I don't have a husband."" Jesus replied, ""You are right, you have no husband, for you have had five husbands, and the man you are with now is not your husband; what you have said is true."""
"Verse 19. He who sees a dream becomes wise, and will be happy; but the fool walks in darkness, yet will not turn from his evil way to save his soul."
"Verse 19. Who is it that speaks? Do you do such things as removing the tiles from the roof up above, and then when finished, the sick person lying there is lowered down in front of Jesus?"
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind will come at your command, and it will be gone. Your idolatrous sacrifices will bring you shame."
"Chapter 2. Hear, you priests, and hearken, obey this command for you!"
"30. Lord, why are you so high? You have already delivered me, since my enemies refuse to let me be conquered by them."
"Chapter 6. He left that part of the country, and came to Nazareth, his hometown, and his disciples followed him."
"Chapter 2. My watchman, I am on the upper floor, standing in my secure place. I will wait and see what the Lord says to me, and how He will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter, from Paul, a servant of God, who has been prepared by God to be a follower of Jesus Christ, is written to you, holy people, whom I do not know, but you are followers of Jesus Christ, and I am writing to express my faith in the conviction that you are adherents of Christ."
"Verse 1: This letter is from John, the elder. I am writing to Gaius, my dear friend, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20. Behold! Someone is knocking. If you hear my voice and open the door, shall I come in and sup with you like two friends?"
"Verse 20: The words of the foolish are like silver, but the heart of the wise is worth little."
"Verse 20. For a day of the Lord is darkness, and not light, and gloom with no brightness in it, yet even in darkness, there is a little joy, then comes hope."
"Verse 20. But are you not the same? Why then do you ask me, 'For what reason?' Is God not one? Has He not previously spoken to you guys? Actually, all of these things are familiar to you."
"Verse 20: Does our law judge a man before it hears him and knows what he is doing? They cried out, ""Crucify him, crucify him."""
"Verse 1. When men are dead, and buried, and their bodies become dust, shall God raise them up again, and shall the son of man restore them? Who can do this thing, that thou dost ask of him?"
"Verse 21: For he has made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."
"Verse  :  ""Come!"" he said, ""Blessed is the man who trusts in Him! Will you not tremble at His presence? You have entered a question. ,  Are people truly acting like my Father God has planned? Will it direct?"
"Verse 21. But when I was leaving, you said, ""I will come back to you again if God wills."" Or did I, when I was on the verge of departing for Ephesus, begin my journey by sea?"
"Verse 16. For this regulation is only for the body, teaching us about things, which we handle, and it becomes worse."
"Verse  : Do the Gentiles live as you do? When you come, move, and ask, I say, ""Oh"", he, David's son! How is it that you dominate my daughter? Are you oppressed?"
"Verse 22: Shall the preaching become stronger? Is theirs Jesus, surely the Christ, from Damascus, the Hebrews cannot deny that you are wrong."
Verse ?. Will a time come for retribution? Is this the word of the prophecies that will be fulfilled?
"Verse: He replied, ""I am not"", and then he said, ""I am done""."
"Verse 22. It is done. They will certainly heed your voice, and you shall come,"
"Verse 23. He who says to me, ""Well done, good and faithful servant"", will I not entrust him with even more responsibilities now? Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23: Wisdom is with the modest ones, but the foolish proclaim their folly."
"Verse 23: What is crucial for you, what is crucial for you?"
"Verse 23: Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him."
"Verse 23. But who knows what the future holds? Did he prepare for it beforehand? What will happen to Jesus, who is known to be betrayed? It is against the law to assist, but you, who are you?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because for my sake."
"Verse 24. I called, and you did not answer; I spoke, but you did not hear. I reached out to you, but you did not reach back."
"Verse 24: I also have been strengthened by the Lord, and I am coming to you two."
"Verse 24. And the word of God continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased greatly."
Verse 24. Let us consider how to motivate one another to acts of love and good works.
"Verse 24. Matthat was the father of Matthat, Levi was the father of Melki, Jannai was the father of Joseph,  Note: The sentence appears to be a genealogical passage, likely from the Bible, and the <unk> represents unknown or missing names in the original text."
"Verse 25. But someone told him, ""Your father is getting ready to give the bride away to another man right now, during the time you are still living. Do you want to go to him?"" ""Do I have nothing?"" ""Will you change? Does he exist now? Will it be converted?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers lives, but a false witness is a betrayer."
"Verse 25: Now about food sacrificed to idols: We know that an idol is nothing at all in the world and that there is no God but one. For even if there are so-called gods, whether in heaven or on earth (as indeed there are many ""gods"" and many ""lords""), yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom all things came and for whom we live; and there is but one Lord, Jesus Christ, through whom all things came and through whom we live. But not everyone possesses this knowledge. Some people are still so accustomed to idols that when they eat sacrificial food they think of it as having been sacrificed to a god, and since their conscience is weak, it is defiled. But food does not bring us near to God; we are no worse if we do not eat, and no better if we do. Be careful, however, that the exercise of your rights does not become a stumbling block to the weak. For if someone with a weak conscience sees you, with all your knowledge, eating in an idol's temple, won't they be emboldened to eat what is sacrificed to idols? So this weak brother or sister, for whom Christ died, is destroyed by your knowledge. When you sin against them in this way and wound their weak conscience, you sin against Christ. Therefore, if what I eat causes my brother or sister to fall into sin, I will never eat meat again, so that I will not cause them to fall."
"Verse 25. Now, the people were half drunk, and you guys requested, , , towards us, , we enjoy! Well, good dungeon, you guys bring her outside to pleasure, you guys, between the colonnade that supports the roof up there, you guys , you who stand."
"Verse 26. If it is my will that becomes yours, then compare, and you need to do as the other people have her parents, and, and, and, and, yes, moreover, their left side lives. If not, then your will becomes mine."
"Verse 26. And he said, ""Do you guys repeat this? Are the men of Israel fighting? I see. Let us attempt to make peace. He said, ""We are brothers, and why do we fight each other?"""
"Verse 26. Furthermore, I know that you are familiar with these things, and I speak boldly, for I am sure that these events have occurred among you; don't you know that they have? You are aware of them, aren't you?!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The kingdom is like a man who casts seed upon the soil;"
"Verse 26. But our unstable God, help me. What god do we desire to pray about? We don't know. Although the Holy One prays for us, what word can we use as a reason?"
"Verse 26. It is good that you said, ""Let us make a good impression before the people,"" for you would have failed in that, but instead their courage failed, and they were amazed and became silent."
"Verse 26. Then there occurred something as Saul arrived, did you try to assemble with the believers? You guys are afraid of him. Do not disbelieve, for he will surely become a faithful believer!"
"Verse 26. What happened was that the army listened, as you went to the commander and asked, ""Do you?"" Ah, you are a Roman citizen!"
"Verse 27. Is it well with you? Are your children and cattle and herds in good health? Do you have a large and strong bodyguard under the command of Kandake, the queen of Ethiopia? Have you come to Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27. Did he intend to finish, or did she complete? He did not."
"Verse 28: There is a God in heaven who reveals secrets, and he has made known to King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen in the future. Your dream and the visions that passed through your mind as you lay on your bed are these:"
"Verse 28. Will they have five loaves? Does he desire to warn these, saying, ""Do not come into these terrible places of suffering""?"
"Verse 2. Mordecai had a great victory, and moreover, the story of Mordecai was completed, the king finished promoting her, all that was written was recorded in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2. Let our Father, and Jesus Christ as well, bring us peace."
"Verse 2: And you know that Aquila was born in Pontus, and had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla. He had left Italy because Claudius Caesar had ordered all Romans of Hebrew descent to leave."
Verse 2: It is good that you are instructing your people.
Verse 2: nor a poor widow having only two small coins.
"Verse 2: My father has many rooms, I go to prepare a place for you. If I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, so that where I am, there you may be also."
"Verse 2. The people say, ""The Lord will never deliver us!"
"Verse 2: My help comes from the Lord, who made heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2: But in a little while the time came for the Hebrews to celebrate the festival of the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2: Who among the gods is like you, O Lord? You are honored. Who is like you? Should you be silent? Many peoples and numerous persons, unless I speak?"
"Verse 31. But even though my Father demands this from me, what actions will I do? The world will know that I love my Father. Then, we depart."
"Verse 31. I led the elders and went where the wall was to be built, at the peak, where two large choirs were established to give thanks to God. One choir proceeded in a northerly direction along the top of the wall, toward the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32. But the time is near, and it will happen to you today, that you will be scattered, each to his own place, what will become of me? I am left alone, but I am not alone, because my Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery, but I am speaking of Christ and the church."
Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the people as much as they could understand.
"Verse 34: And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: He said to them, ""But who do you say that I am?"""
"Verse 73: They told Jesus, the Nazarene."
"Verse 83. But when the son came, the farmhands said to one another, ""This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and get his inheritance for ourselves!"" What then will the owner of the vineyard do to them?"
"Verse 83. Was Isaiah the prophet a sign of Isaiah? Is this the definitive prophecy of Isaiah, which is now complete, and is there more information to inform us, or is it finished, and do we believe in the query? Does God have a powerful arm, and has God completed his work, or is there a question to be answered?"
"Verse 93. If the master of the house had known at what hour the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93. Does Jesus inform the world that I have come to judge, or does He heal and then people see? Then why do you who are blind not see?"
"Verse 93. The Spirit of the Lord shall snatch you away, Philip. You shall no longer see us, but go on, celebrate the festivals."
"Verse 3: But, brethren, I have sent for you to know that my boasting about you has not been made empty, are you now ready? For I said, ""As far as I am concerned, I will not come to you again""; and moreover, your money has all been spent. My boast about you is not an idle one; I do not want it to be proven wrong."
"Verse 3: And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, did a viper come out because of the heat, and fasten on his hand?"
"Verse 3: By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, unless they are agreed?"
"Verse 3: Is it good for me to fast, I beg of God, I pray, quickly. Also, will I put on rough garments, sackcloth, and ashes?"
"Verse 3: If they ask you, 'What shall we do?' you shall say to them, 'Thus says the Lord: ""Behold, I will give you over to obedience, and you shall bring'"""
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Or is it Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples? Has Satan entered into you?"
"Verse 3: Is it well that ye do to bring forth the vessels of the house of our God to the queen of Jerusalem? Shall we drink out of them, and our wives and our sons and our daughters?"
"Verse 3. In those days, the book of the law of the Lord was read to you, and you perceived, and you continued. When you had finished, three more were added to your sins, for you did not turn from your sinning; you were willing, but you would not worship the Lord your God."
"Verse 3. Does the Lord delight in this, that you trust Him? Are you good to Him? Or does He give you life and deliver you, so that you may prosper wherever you go?"
"Verse 40. Behold! The prophets have suffered for your sake, and it is said,"
"Verse 40. But whoever sits at my right hand, I do not know; for the places are assigned by my Father, and he has already prepared them for those for whom it is prepared."
"Verse 42. And it spreads to the whole town, so that a large number of people believed in the Lord."
"Verse 42: For he has ordained us to preach to them, that Christ is the judge of the living and the dead,"
"Verse 42: Nor does your appearance look like that of the other women, and you will surely come to the kingdom, I swear."
"Verse 42: Nor did Jesus ask him, but he already knew what questions they had. The stone which the builders rejected has become the cornerstone; this was the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes?"
"Verse 32. Then the corrupt soul says, ""I have already left, I will go again."" So he goes again, to what place is he going now, naked and sweeps what has already been swept?"
"Verse. I will crush you and your children with you. Are there any enemies left, not one rock remaining in their places? For this is your opportunity to deliver them, but you did not obtain it."
"Verse 54. Thus says the Lord, ""I speak the truth, do not disbelieve me!"""
"Verse 54: Then the spirit came to him, and what other man is like that? Are you worse than he, or all his works more corrupt? Is every soul in him not within? So that person is even more corrupt. This corruption will be known,"
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer you, I will murder, I will behead your heads. Your women will die, their bodies I will give to the birds and the beasts, that all may know that the Lord has done this in Israel!"
"Verse 64. Shall we again repeat the question, Does none know? Does the servant know what will happen in the future? The people have no conviction, and they do not join you."
"Verse 74. They mock and speak, saying, ""Shall we also be questioned?"""
"Verse 84. But Jesus said, ""Whoever betrays the Son of Man..."
"Verse 84. Shall the king do what he wills, or has the Most High placed Daniel in a position of authority? For he has given him many and rich gifts, and made him ruler over the whole realm, and moreover, the women recognize his wisdom, and he has become their official, and is set over them."
"Verse 4. If you become famous, what great events can you achieve, then what will happen to you? He himself!"
"Verse 4. Let them grow well, for when their patience has been developed, then they will be complete, lacking in nothing."
"Verse 4. They have been completely filled with joy in the Lord. I say, Hallelujah!"
"Verse 4. But although my precious children, you are in accordance with Christ. You, you are conquered, why, since the living spirit is inside you, the living spirit is inside the world, who can defeat you?"
"Verse 4. Did God really come to God's temple, where He lives? Previously, however, He had said that you are to be honored greatly."
"Verse 4. What addition does it make, a portion of you who already give, but he who has little, he who has much, everything he has, will he give?"
"Verse 50. I know that God orders what leads to life; does it live? Even though my father tells me, saying, I say:"
"Verse 51. Then Jesus said to them, ""Did I not tell you that you would see the Son of Man coming in his kingdom?"" But Peter, John, James, and the other disciples were with Jesus when his mother and brothers arrived,"
"Verse 53. Do not arrest me in the temple, I am over there. But however, today is their time, and darkness will soon take control."
"Verse 54. Or will the uncircumcised of our bodies be changed so as not to be bodies of death, but here it is written that death will be swallowed up in victory?"
"Verse 58: So, have you done only a few miracles, and that is why you do not believe?"
"Verse 5: What shall we say then? Is God unrighteous, who takes vengeance? I speak as a man. Nay, but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus?"
"Verse 5. He stood before God, Mount Sinai was shaking, the hills were dim, the earth trembled, and the people were ruined."
"Verse 5. And she came to Jesus, as He was going to the centurion's house, and begged Him,"
"Verse 5. Do we try to impress you with flattery, or do we use it with some? We are not trying to be your friends just to get your money! Our witness is that we are not mistaken,"
"Verse 5. He blocks arrogance, and it stops people from knowing what is possible, for he obstructs us and destroys. Does a thought of insurrection arise in us? Should we be taught to submit to Jesus?"
"Verse 5. But although we could have made demands as apostles of Christ, we did not. Not for a minute. For we speak as messengers of God, and everything we do is for your strengthening."
"Verse 76: Or who is he, the child of his father's and mother's line, Zerubbabel, that he should prophesy, saying?"
"Verse 6: Since we are God's children, does God's Spirit bear witness to our spirit that we are his children, and if so, do we not have to remember that we have a Father?"
"Verse 6. My prayer, I see your prayer all night and all day for your people Israel. I admit we have sinned, opposed you. Myself, my family, and our sins!"
"Verse 6. But God, who encourages the dejected, encouraged us by the arrival of Titus."
"Verse 6: Now at the festival of the Passover, it was the custom for the governor to release a prisoner for the crowd, anyone they wanted."
"Verse 6. Simon Peter said to Him, ""Lord, do You wash my feet?"" Jesus answered him, ""You don't know what I'm doing now, but later you will understand."""
"Verse 6: But we are confident, and prefer rather to be absent from the body and to be at home with the Lord."
"Verse 6. Shall I cry out to you, and you not answer? You have shown me all my troubles, but will you deliver me?"
"Verse 6: Nor does the Christ spit on the ground, or a blind man have his eyes opened by him?"
"Verse 6. We know that our old self was crucified with him, so that the body of sin might be rendered powerless, that we should no longer be slaves to sin. From now on, sin is this: and we are not slaves to it."
"Verse 6: For this reason I also, after hearing of your faith in the Lord Jesus and your love for all the saints, never cease to give thanks for you, remembering you in my prayers, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give you a spirit of wisdom and of revelation in the knowledge of him."
"Verse 73: He has remembered his covenant forever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations, the covenant which he made with Abraham."
"Verse 7. Oh, will the heavens weep? Will He who made them mourn? Yes, for the people have sinned against Him. The earth and its nations will mourn for God. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7: Yet if it is true that I have spoken falsely, may God do so to me and more also, if the truth of God has not been in my words, then how can God be glorified, saying, ""How can God be like man?"""
"Verse 7. We know that the world and its desires will pass away, but we don't know what we will be like when we leave, can't we do anything together?"
"Verse 7. He told its keeper, ""For three years now I have been coming to look for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?"""
"Verse 7: Now people came to a dinner, and they were taking the places of honor at the front seats. Will you all take every seat? Did Jesus notice? Who will be invited,"
"Verse 7. Now my sons, listen to me, and do not turn aside."
"Verse 7: And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up and choked it, and it yielded no grain."
"Verse 7: You will never be able to do it!, Your presence here, I will never be able to do it!"
"Verse 7: And he also said, ""Do not say, 'I will die,' for who will go to the place of the dead and then come back to life again?"""
"Verse 7. If you walk, you love and have obtained the people's acceptance, Rabbi."
"Verse 8. Are the servers ready? I have already invited you, do not be late."
"Verse 8. For three months, Paul frequented the synagogue, preaching boldly and arguing persuasively about the Kingdom of God."
"And in that region there were shepherds out in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night."
"Verse 8. He caused the people, still indigenous, to be possessed by, and they never appreciated God."
"Verse 8: Are there many troubles and hardships in the way to success, and have the havens of rest arrived near the city of Lasea?"
"Verse 8. For if we suppose that we encourage others, then we ourselves are encouraged. If we suppose that giving is a large thing, then it is big. If we assume that the Lord has already given us something, and that He is able to do something, and that we have responsibility, then we have it. And if we use our gift to help other people, they will be happy."
"Verse 8. Behold, you are near the house of a promiscuous woman, men stroll slowly to her left, by her house."
"Verse 9. I know your tribulation and your poverty, but you are rich! I know that you suffer because people blaspheme you and oppose you, saying you are not Hebrew, but rather of the synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them that the things they had seen would be completed, and the Son of Man would die, but would rise again."
"Verse 9: What do you work for, to have that which does not satisfy? He who earns wages earns wages to put them into a bag with holes in it."
"Verse 9: That it might happen, as it is written, ""No eye has seen, no ear has heard, and no mind has imagined the things that God has prepared for those who love him."
"Verse 9. Do you know now that I, who speak to you, know? Then do you now know that you, who will go back to the world, are useless to the principles of the soul, and will become a slave again?"
"Verse 9. He refuses to help me. Who are you that I should serve you? You are my helper, have you left me now? Will you abandon me? You're my deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Have you lied to each other, as your fathers did? You must throw away all the wicked practices of your ancestors and do what is right."
"Verse 9: Half of the people, and all generations, languages, nations, and flesh will stare. They have suffered and been buried, you see."
"Verse 9: Is my prayer not for the world? My prayer is for those whom God has chosen, because you are in accordance with God."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife and marries another, commits adultery, and if she divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery."
"Verse 9. For I am not able to bear the strong anger, I would not destroy Israel, for why should I destroy it, since the Lord is not a man, nor a human being? I, the Holy One, live among you, and I will not come in wrath."
"Verse 9: He who has ears to hear, let him hear, and whoever has, should understand."
"Verse 9: and she must be well reported of for good works; if she has brought up children, if she has lodged strangers, if she has washed the saints' feet, if she has relieved the afflicted, if she has diligently followed every good work. No one can be enrolled as a widow unless she is at least sixty years old, and has been the wife of one husband."
"Verse 9: Do people look like that? Yes! Does a person's appearance, and their mouth being powerful, make them the same? But the beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we shall not perish?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve, these two. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"The Lord appeared to Abram and said, ""To your offspring I will give this land."" And there he built an altar to the Lord, who had appeared to him."
"Verse 24: And the Lord appeared to him the same night, and said, ""I am the God of your father Abraham. Do not be afraid, for I am with you and will bless you and multiply your descendants for the sake of my servant Abraham."""
"See, I have set before you life and death, choose life. I have heard, I have heard."
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
And God divided the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
"For God knows that in the day you eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to discern, then comes combat, and numerous persons who are delivered."
"After all, God destroys the wisdom of the wise, and brings to nothing the understanding of the prudent, and He has spoken by the mouth concerning the deeds."
"That which will happen when he sees that the experience is not with us, that you will die, and your maids will bring down the grey hair of your servant our father with anguish to the grave."
"The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
