"For the person and for the family of God. For the class of God. Our safe place is God, God healed, in troubles God, we trust God."
"He departed, being foolish, and on their left side, his parents instructed him, but he despised it, and wondered at the knowledge, if it was accurate."
"Assuming it is well, then the righteous will inherit the land and the beloved of the Lord will dwell in it, but the wicked will be cut off and the sinner will be no more."
"An anxious woman will come opposed to the men, or the people will not be struck."
"He has knowledge, suppose he assumes that people whom he left there are destroyed."
"And Adam lived one hundred and three years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth,"
"The word of God came to John, the son of Zechariah, in the wilderness. Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee and was baptized by John in the Jordan River, as all the people of Israel were being baptized. The people were living in expectation."
"Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the family of the impoverished, were left; did they despise their left-hand friends from a distance? They chased to speak, but they did not come."
"Deaf education is possible, and she can teach these deaf individuals. They should recognize the same language that spreads throughout their community. This will lead to a successful future and achievement."
"There is a flame, suppose that adding more wood and then more coal to the flame makes it bigger, same as if these people add to stir up something terrible, because you do not have peacefulness."
"The doors,  the one who is similar to an indolent person, lies in bed."
"Upon the children being intertwined, do they need to be punished? But although people are opposed, punishment will be great in the future."
"I hear myself, my voice is intertwined with the sound of my son."
"I am soft, that which leads to murder. I am the one who is gentle, yet I destroy fruits. You are the one. I recall.  Note: The sentence reconstruction is limited by the presence of unknown tokens (<unk>) which make it difficult to provide a coherent and accurate translation. However, based on the available information, the above sentence is a possible reconstruction."
"But think on it, when he shall be well with him, and God shows him favor, I will ask him to speak for me, that he may bring me out of this house."
The cat was white.
"The Paris school today, however, now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school at Paris named after the way of Reu? The French have four deaf schools: Paris, Lyon, Bordeaux, and Toulouse."
"Do you believe? Suppose I assume you believe, help me, I certainly need your help,  assist me!"
"However, the rocket failed. It is necessary to maintain the rocket in the majority of cases, as Elon Musk ought to have done previously."
"What, however, is the matter with many against it? Who is opposed to the majority of deaf people who consider themselves a minority? However, there are deaf people who do not feel about not being able to hear; I understand that."
"And you said, ""We have had a hard journey, and we went, and I will go before him who was there."""
"And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gained in the land of Canaan, and went to a land away from his brother Jacob."
"John 6:83 doesn't exist in standard biblical references, as the Gospel of John only has 21 chapters. However, I can reconstruct the sentence as follows: John 6:63 or possibly a reference to Psalm 83, but assuming it's referring to the Gospel of John, a possible reconstruction would be:  John 6, verse 63 doesn't exist, however, if we consider the provided numbers, a possible correct reference could be: John 6, and then another biblical book with 83 as a significant number or chapter, which is not directly related."
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so God will bring with Him those who have fallen asleep in Jesus."
"For my sake, do not leave, and transportation is far."
John 5:20.
"For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."
"Then you will go to meet these two at the gate of the city, and the bridegroom's daughter. Lot said, ""Here in this town I have to leave, for God is going to destroy it."" But the men laughed at Lot."
"And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Happy Birthday
The harvest gathered them.
"Chapter 31, verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And her eyes and gaze, and look, saw three women near her: and when she saw them, she ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
John 3:30.
"And you arose that night, and took your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed over the ford of the Jabbok river, where there was little water."
"His disciples asked him continually up to now, that if he is the one who believes, ask continually, and they asked a query? The disciple replied, ""Not yet have I perception."
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29
"For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? What shall a man give in exchange for his soul?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Val."
"Your brother and your mother have said, ""Let her stay with us a few days, at least ten; after that she may go."""
"And I said to my officials, ""If the men will not follow me, ..."
"I hear the deaf school, and, and. . I  ."
"John 5:34,"
"And also, as well, of him, the son of his female slave, I will make a nation, because he is your offspring."
"Attention, be familiar with the future awful judgment of His coming. First, I, God, will send the prophet Elijah in the future."
"Assume he has knowledge, that one has rights, but assume he has none, he suffers alone."
"John 1:4.  In the reconstruction, this would be:  John 1, verse 4."
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
"Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin."
"And that which happened, as she came back, whose hand was on it, behold, his brother came out, and she said, ""How did you break through?"" So his name was called Perez."
"And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham, and he sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot had lived."
"It happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and to my country."""
"And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, ""Go again, buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, to live in a small corner of a house with peace, or a big house with a spouse and combat?"
"The Hebrews named the place Peniel, for they said, ""I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."""
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are healthy don't need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing."" And they divided his clothes among themselves by casting lots. How can it be determined who will get what, since the soldiers wrote down the names of the owners, put them in a jar, and then drew one out to see who would get the authentic garment?"
John 5:19.
"Jokshan, the father of Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"And Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father. The physicians embalmed Israel."
"And Laban said to him, ""You are my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between me and you this day."" Why was it named Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you have fallen into a snare, while I escaped."
"After he had suffered, your faithfulness blessed him, and what he enjoyed, she pleased him."
Change mine
John 1:94.
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his other children, because he was the son of his old age; and he made him a coat of many colors."
"Now, the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah 1: Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, take your sword, your quiver, and your bow, and go out into the field, and I will pray, then take a portion of meat for me."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Poetry 95:6. We two will worship, bowing."
Picasso has the same artwork practice.
"He will instruct, not for silver, but improved compared to California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"Behold, I have two daughters who have not known a man; let me bring them out to you, and do to them as you please; only do nothing to these men, for they have come under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. Their path will be changed, changed, and they will understand theirs."
"And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters."
"That Hades and the tomb will never be filled, similar to those concerning the folks previously, never ever."
"There is not enough information to reconstruct a coherent sentence. The decomposition provided contains mostly unknown or unspecified elements (<unk>) and only one recognizable term, ""literature|books"", which is insufficient to create a meaningful sentence."
"What is it? . It is. . He said. . The man went to the store and bought some milk and eggs and bread. . Jesus, comma, pause, spoke. ."
"John 2, verse 8.  He said to them, ""Now draw some out, and take it to the ruler of the feast."" So they took it."
"Assume a person is a stranger or a prostitute, you do not require a pledge of money or something."
"Thank you, come and instruct by written signal."
"The city, and the people, were very happy,  the children played outside."
"The women wondered at you, saying, ""Did he not speak to us? Does he not know that the Lord has given him a breakthrough, or not?"""
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."""
John 7:20.
"They hope in me, fear me, I made sin. Or you are able to accuse me, cause I am deprived of my good name."
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe aside from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And your servant ran to meet you, and said, ""I pray you, let me drink a little water from your pitcher."""
"And the waters prevailed upon the earth, and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered."
"And the water receded from off the earth, and after one hundred and fifty days the waters decreased."
"He said to the household, and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you, and purify yourselves, and change your garments."
"And you both had dreams, each woman having a dream in one night, and each woman having her own interpretation of the dreams, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And you shall give unto them all the strange gods which are in their hand, and all their earrings which are in their ears, and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
John 2:11.
"Verse 1: Saying, ""No one is righteous, not even one."
"Verse 10. What shall we do? How can this be, since it is crucial, that... . Then the host saw them and went over to say, ""You, we have better places for you! So you have honor above all the other guests."
"Verse: That is why, and for this reason, because angels are watching, a man ought to have his head covered, as a sign that he is under authority."
"Verse 10. My prophets, I have finished sending to warn you with numerous dreams."
"Verse 28: And they were hearing, Proclaiming, Teaching, Preaching, in Libya, Cyrene, from Rome, Hebrews, in the Jewish religion, both, Proselytes, comma."
"Verse 10. But the angel said, ""Do not be afraid! I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people."
"Verse: Good. Yes, my parents, the Lord God is near me, I shall not want."
"Verse 10. Nor did Paul proceed, but Paul said, ""I know that up until now, for many years you have judged the things concerning the Hebrews, and I am happy to make my defense before you."""
Verse: Good. Will evil defeat you? No pestilence will come near.
"Verse 7: But I speak not concerning the unbelievers, for what have I to do with judging those also who are outside? Do not be idolaters. As, then, we stay, should we avoid them? Should we leave the world?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, teach your neighbors and your relatives, you need to instruct,  the Lord knows. For does not everybody at least know that I am crucial,  I will be aware in the future."
"Verse 11. Now Christ has become the High Priest over all the good things that have come, and he has entered heaven itself to appear for us before God, who is greater, the one who has gone into heaven, not into a sanctuary made by human hands, which is a copy of the real one, but into heaven itself, now to appear before God on our behalf."
"Now, the things you started, you should have completed. Are you enthusiastic? Now, if you are giving, let it be with enthusiasm. How can your giving be associated with what you have had?"
"Verse 11. But you say, ""Where is the welfare of the people? Tell your father and mother, 'I am unable to help.'?"" Will you present a gift to those who will complete the pledge I made?"
"Verse 11: He who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not murder."" If you do not commit adultery but do commit murder, you have become a lawbreaker."
"Verse 11: For this is the message which you have heard from the beginning, that we should love one another."
"Verse 11. God says to his people, ""Truly, you will fall and be destroyed?"" But they did not obey! So the Gentiles, whom God had previously delivered, were able to do so. Although God desired that his people become jealous, would he receive it for himself?"
"Verse 11. Nor do I see any other creature on earth like it, except that it has two small horns like a lamb, but it speaks like a dragon."
"Verse 11: Furthermore, I inform you that the Gentiles, people from all around the world, from east to west, will sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where are the others?"
"Verse 15. Nor do men light a lamp and put it under a peck measure, but on the lampstand, and it gives light to all in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father who is in heaven."
"Verse 11. Well, that rest, let us enter into it. But if we disobey, the same Israelites who disobeyed also fell."
"Verse 11. The enemy says, ""God knows what will happen"", but we will direct you, and our work will be shown to you."
"Verse 11: Has the testimony already been given? This is eternal life, that they should know you, the only true God, and the one whom you have sent, Jesus Christ, who lives in God."
Verse 11. They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony; they did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Have you already forgotten, or have I become like one who is dead to you? Have you put away your mourning clothes, or are you instead rejoicing, and if so, what is the source of this joy?"
"Verse 11. In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of flesh by Christ. He did this so that He might present the church to Himself in splendor, without spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but holy and blameless, however, this is not a physical circumcision, but a spiritual one, for God intends to cut away their transgressions and throw away their sins."
"Verse 12. The Lord said, ""Now I have begun to bless you, and I will make your name great."" The Lord was with me, and my heart was at peace. How did this happen?"
Verse 12. Will the three beasts have their power removed? But you have endured for a longer period of time.
"Verse 12. For the sake of, attract, folks to suffer with patient, blesses. Is a crown of living received? Previously, folks adore He who has already accomplished."
"Verse 12. And he said to them, ""My friends, I am perplexed, and I tell you. If you can interpret festivals, my perplexity, in case you guys can give an interpretation, then I will give thirty fine linen cloaks, also thirty fine vestures, I will give."
"Verse 12: Then the detachment of soldiers, with its commander and the Jewish guards, arrested Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12. And flesh was for food, and moreover the beast was for his partner, even as Etam. And the beast was filled with burrows, eating, and their burrows were filled, and they stole."
"Verse 12. Nor did any of the disciples ask him, ""Who are you?"" when he recently said, ""He who is a Pharisee, is he one of the people? Did you cause this question?"
"Verse 12. You will recognize them by this, that they will testify about me in the future, and this child will be a sign to you, for there will be this infant."
"Verse 12. We toil, working with our own hands; we are reviled, and we bless; we are persecuted, and we endure;"
"Verse 13. The mountain of Sinai, you came to it, and the Lord spoke to you from the midst of the fire; what you saw were His words, just as He had also given you the Law, with good commandments and statutes."
"Verse 13. Your life may attract others to have the same experiences. ... ... . ... ... ... cannot be patient, God did not suffer. When temptations occur, God will reveal the way, so you can be patient."
Verse 13. When will you go to see your brothers who are with you?
"Verse 13. You may go to many places and tell secrets, but however, it is crucial that people you trust can keep a secret."
"Verse 13. Did the attendant run for it, was he sent, did he go, or did he not certainly go?"
"Verse 13. One of the twelve, who was called Judas Iscariot,  (Note: The sentence is incomplete as there are unknown words (<unk>) in the original text)"
"Verse 13. When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and sailed along Crete, close to the shore."
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall the gospel I brought to you, for I was sick."
"Verse 14. What signs will be shown to us, in what way will this story about the woman be told? She is ready and goes. Who are the servants you summon together? For you have already been paid, where is your money being given?"
"Verse 14. But your people, who are you? And what people are these that you send, saying, ""We do not want your king""?"
"Verse 14. Do people grow by eating? However, the trained have the ability to recognize, but not to discern between right and wrong."
"Verse 14. Your greatest men will not escape, but will surely flee. The wounded among you will be healed, but they will become weak, yes, the healed warriors will also flee and deliver themselves up."
"Verse 14. Shall we live with the peaceful? Can we live with the holy? We cannot live with the unholy, Lord, you will not see."
"Verse 14. If God is for me, will He not give to me? Anyway, God will tell me."
Verse 14. Will she have great joy when the child is born?
"Verse 14. Then it was announced and determined. The woman said to me, ""You are the one who leads this insurrection."" Have you already completed the test related to the front of these matters? Are you innocent?"
"Verse 15. If Jesus teaches, and reports about their power that pervades, then do they hear? Who will preach? Will you become healed?"
"Verse 15. Now the assembly, or church, you order Peter and John to explain themselves; what do they debate among themselves?"
"Verse 15: If a man is circumcised or not circumcised, it doesn't matter. What does matter? Suppose we are Gentiles by birth, and yet we have come to believe, and in doing so, become new creations."
"Verse 15. The wicked borrow and do not repay, but the righteous show mercy and are generous. The blessed of the Lord will inherit the land, but those cursed by Him will be cut off. For certain, the Lord's judgments are equal. The Lord still rules over the armed forces; He is merciful to His people, the remaining ones."
"Verse 15. What has been decided, shall we send to you? We have already done nothing that requires death or punishment."
"Verse 15: I no longer call you slaves, because a slave does not know what his master is doing. But I have called you friends, for everything that I learned from my Father I have made known to you."
"Verse 15. Thank you for the great and wonderful gift, it's so large that I just can't find the words to describe it!"
"Verse 15. I, even I, do not have wisdom, nor do women have knowledge, for they finish their attempt with words, but you cannot act with purpose."
"Verse 15. What has our God done to deserve this, that his name should be dishonored? How have you benefited Egypt, that you should enslave them with great might and signs? Have we finished sinning? Are we filled with evil?"
"Verse 15. The Lord is in his holy temple, and his throne is beneath you; let them make and arise, that you may be exalted."
"Verse 15. They stayed there until the death of Herod. Was it not told to the prophet, ""Out of Egypt I called my son""?"
"Verse 16. Well, my dear brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. Is not the Lord among us, and are we not a holy people? You praise him, saying, ""Is there a mighty prophet among us?"" Moreover, as for me, he is our God, and we are his people."
"Verse 16: O Israel, you will be given attention by them."
"Verse 16. The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, you will call me 'my Husband', and no longer call me 'my Master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to him, ""First, Simon, who is called Peter,"""
"Verse 16. She was completely filled with pleasure, happy, and owned great honour."
"Verse 16. The disciples went to the shore that night, and Jesus' disciples waited for him."
Verse 17. But the person who is united with the Lord is one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But it happened, she had a comb, and washed her face."
"Verse 17. Jesus asked, ""I have healed, haven't I?"" Where is it?"
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious ones, and I have one more request. You have already been instructed to oppose those who cause divisions among the people of faith, and to warn them. You guys."
"Verse 17. This became known to all, both Jews and Greeks, who lived in Ephesus. Fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified."
Verse 17: Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. Doesn't he know that when the ox is walking, it should be stepping on the seed? You shouldn't stop it! The one who is in charge of the place says, ""People who work deserve to get their wages!"""
"Verse 18. I have become as a portent to many, but you are my refuge; do not turn me over to them, think about me, I am not like these."
"Verse 18. Soon, will it be, how wonderful, that becomes truly a wonder?"
"The wicked earns wages for a moment, but the gift of the righteous will continue."
"Verse 19. Honor your father and mother, and love your neighbor as yourself."
"Verse 19. He who loves discipline loves knowledge, but he who hates correction is stupid. So is the man who despises his neighbor, but he who fears the Lord is wise, and will not ignore discipline?"
"But the possessions of Mary are not here, however she dwells on a million things."
"Verse 19. Jesus asked her, ""What is your name?"" She said to him, ""I am called 'only' or 'lonely', for I have no husband, and surely it is well."
"Verse 19. He understands a dream is sure to come true, however, the foolish will not turn away from evil and will suffer for it."
"Verse 19: Who is this? ... Do you perform up above, the roof, remove the tiles. When they had finished, the sick men lying, you guys lowering, and lowering, brought the frontal Jesus ..."
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind will come, and you will be gone. Your idols and sacrifices will bring you shame."
"Chapter 2. Hear, you priests, and heed my words, obey my command!"
"30. Lord, what can I give to You, since You have already delivered me? My enemies tried, but You refused to let them conquer me."
"Chapter 6. He left that country, Nazareth, their hometown, and again you went with his disciples."
"Chapter 2. I will watch from my tower, I will wait in the upper floor of my secure place. He says I will wait to see what the Lord will say, how God will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter, from whom? Paul? Lord God prepare, God he already previously, become follower of Christ Jesus. I wrote to whom, holy people, you, followers of Christ Jesus, you guys faith conviction adherents of Christ Jesus.  Note: The sentence is reconstructed based on the provided words and punctuation, but it may not form a grammatically correct or coherent sentence due to the presence of unknown words (<unk>) and questions (?). A possible reconstruction with some interpretation could be: Chapter 1. This letter is from Paul, prepared by God, who has already become a follower of Christ Jesus. I, Paul, wrote to the holy people, you who are followers of Christ Jesus, and to you guys who have faith and conviction as adherents of Christ Jesus."
"Verse 1. This letter is from John, the elder, and is being written to the beloved Gaius, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20. Behold! Someone is knocking. If you hear my voice, open the door, and I will come in and we will sup together like friends."
"Verse 20: The words of the wise are like sterling silver, but the heart of a fool is worthless."
"Verse 20. Yes, in the day of the Lord's wrath, darkness and not light will bring little joy, then we will have no hope."
"Verse 20. But are you not the same as God, why then, is there one Holy Spirit of God that has already been given to you? In fact, all of you are familiar with this."
"Verse 20. Does our law judge a man before it hears him and knows what he is doing? You intend to kill me, will you crucify me?"
"The poem has ended. When persons have completed their death, what does He, God, say? Who is the Son, and who are you?"
"Verse 21: Was it not a transgression that Christ became sin for us, so that we might become the righteousness of God in Him?"
"Verse  .  He calls, ""Come,"" and you guys ask a question. ,  and persons certainly do my dad God's plan?  Will you enter?"
"Verse 21: But when I was leaving, you said, ""I will come again if the Lord wills"", or did I not intend to sail from Ephesus?"
"Verse: This rule merely teaches us about physical things, but we,  it becomes deteriorated."
"Verse ?. Do the Gentiles live as you do? When they come, do they move and ask? I say, ""Oh, how I wish..."" He is the son of David! ...the daughter... Does he control you? ...being persecuted.  Note: The sentence has many unknown words (<unk>) which makes it difficult to reconstruct a coherent sentence. However, based on the given context, it seems to be related to a biblical passage and mentions Gentiles, David, and persecution."
"Verse 22: Does it become stronger by preaching? Your Messiah, Jesus Christ, is surely the Savior, but the Hebrews in Damascus cannot be wrong."
Verse 10. Will there be a time of retribution? The words of the prophets will be fulfilled.
"Verse. He replied, I am, and then he finished."
Verse 22. Do this. They will surely listen to you and come to a complete end.
"Verse 23. He said, ""Who are you?"" and she replied, ""I am your servant, Ruth."" She said, ""May I continue to find favor in your eyes, my lord."" Then she asked, ""Is this little thing I have done an action of faith? Now I am accountable for many more things! Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23. Wisdom is not exhibited by the people who know, but a fool announces his foolishness."
"Verse 23. What is most crucial to you, what is vital to you?"
Verse 23: Nor did Jesus get into a boat with his disciples to start sailing.
"Verse 23. But who knows what will happen? Did he prepare it before? Will it happen because Jesus knew his betrayer? However, one who is against the law gave assistance, and you, who are you?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because for my sake,"
"Verse 24. I called to you, but you did not come. I reached out to you, but you did not answer."
"Verse 24. For I have been made powerful by the Lord, and I am coming to you with two of you."
"Verse 24. And the word of the Lord continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased greatly."
Verse 24. Let us consider how to motivate one another to acts of love and good works.
"Verse 24. the son of Matthat, the son of Levi, the son of Melki, the son of Jannai, the son of Joseph,"
"Verse 25. But who can inform, and who can tell, to whom, at that time, the living desire to go towards? Had they nothing? Can they change? Does he exist, or what?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers lives, but a false witness is a betrayer."
"Verse 25: Now about eating food sacrificed to idols, we have written to you in our letter, shouldn't you act on the things we told you?  Do you think that idols are something, or that eating idol meat is a problem, or drinking blood, or eating flesh of strangled animals, or also engaging in sexual sin?"
"Now the people are half drunk, and you demand,  to us,  we enjoy! Well, bring her out of the dungeon so that you can enjoy her, between the pillars that support the roof up above, where you will stand."
"Verse 26. If it is to be that I desire, then let this be a sign to you, otherwise the people will have to answer to their parents, and so will you, and your mother, and your father, and your family, and your relatives, yes, moreover, their left side living. If not, then I will become disowned."
"Verse 26. Did he not again repeat to you, are you Israelites fighting? Do you see? He tries to make peace. Saying, ""You are brothers"", do you fight one another?"
"Verse 26. Furthermore, I know that Agrippa is familiar with these things, and I speak boldly, for I am sure that none of these things have escaped his notice, don't you know?"
"Jesus also said, ""The kingdom is like a man who casts seed upon the soil; he goes to bed at night and gets up by day, and the seed sprouts and grows, though he does not know how."
"Verse 26. My unstable God, help me. What god do we pray to about this? We don't know. But the holy one, will you pray for us? What words can we use to cause...?"
"Verse 26: It is good that the thing which I spoke in front of the people, you failed. Instead, your words amazed them and they became silent."
"Verse 26. It happened that when Saul arrived, did he try to assemble with the disciples? You guys were afraid of him. Don't you believe that he has surely become a believer!"
"Verse 26. It happened that the commander of the army heard him, and went to the official and asked, ""What are you doing?"" Are you a Roman citizen?"
"Verse 27. Go on, will you meet the Ethiopian? Who is the eunuch who has great authority under Kandake, the queen of Ethiopia? Has he come to Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27. What was the purpose, is it finished? He completed, did he not? She did not."
"Verse 28. Is it not certain that the God of heaven will reveal to King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen? He has already revealed to Nebuchadnezzar the things that will occur. Your dream, and the visions you saw while you were sleeping, I have seen."
"Verse 28: Have I five? He will warn these, that they do not come into these terrible places of suffering."
"Verse 2. Mordecai had a large victory, moreover Mordecai completed the story, and the king finished promoting her, and all that was written was recorded in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2. Let our father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, give you peace."
"Verse 2: And did she know Aquila, a Jew born at Pontus, who had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla? Had they left Italy because Claudius Caesar commanded all Hebrews to depart from Rome?"
Verse 2: It is good that you instruct me.
"Verse 2. Is it not the rich who oppress the poor, and is it not the powerful who have the widows in their debt, or is it not they who do such things as these? Two men are better than one."
"Verse 2. My father has many rooms, I go to prepare a place for you. If I stay, I will surely tell you clearly."
"Verse 2: The people said, ""He will never deliver us!"""
"My help comes from the Lord, who created heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2. But in a little while, the time came for the descendants of Abraham to celebrate the festival of the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2: Who among the gods is like you, Lord? Who is like you - majestic in holiness, awesome in glory, working wonders? You should be feared, but who can stand before you? For among all the wise of the nations and in all their kingdoms, there is none like you, unless I am with them."
"Verse 31. But even though my father has required this of me, will I ever know what the future holds? The world will know that I love my father. Then, we departed."
"Verse 31. I, the elders, lead wherein the barrier's peak was established for two large choruses to thank God. The first choir proceeds in a northerly direction, towards the top of the wall, near the dung gate."
"Verse 32. But the time is near, and this day things will happen that will scatter you, and what will become of you in the future? Will you leave me isolated? I am not isolated, because my father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery, but I am speaking of Christ and the church."
"Verse 33: Jesus used many identical stories, didn't he, to display and teach folks these large things that you can comprehend?"
"Verse 34. And Jesus healed many people of various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63. What is written in the law, which is the greatest commandment of all?"
"Verse 73: They told Jesus, the Nazarene."
"Verse 83. But when the son came, did the farmers say to each other, ""This is about him, isn't it?"" , will he allow us to receive it for ourselves?"
"Verse 83. Was Isaiah a sign of Isaiah the prophet here, where Isaiah the prophet finished his prophecy, and informed, and believed in a query? Is God's powerful arm finished in a query?"
"Verse 93: If the master of the house had known at what hour the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93. Does Jesus inform the world that I have come to judge, or to heal and to save? Then why do you who see, become blind?"
"Verse 93. Then Philip went out, and the Spirit of the Lord caught him away. He did not see him again, but went on to minister at the festivals."
"Verse 3: But brothers, I could not talk to you as to spiritual people, but as to carnal, as to babes in Christ. And I, brethren, could not speak to you as to spiritual people but as to fleshly, as to infants in Christ. Moreover, their money was all spent. My boast about you is not empty, I do not want to be wrong."
"Verse 3: And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, a viper came out because of the heat, and fastened on his hand."
"Verse 3. By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
Verse 3. How can two people walk together unless they have agreed to do so?
"Verse 3: Is it good to fast and pray, I beg of God? I prayed and fasted. After all, didn't I wear coarse burlap and ashes?"
"Verse 3: If they ask you, 'What shall we do?' you shall say to them, 'What the Lord says: ""Every neck shall be broken, and every bond shall be torn in two; bring everything to your house.""'"
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Now Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples, was possessed by Satan?"
"Verse 3: And are the cups which you use to drink from, in the house of the Lord in Jerusalem, before the king and his nobles, his wives and his concubines, who drink from them?"
"Verse 3. For a long time Israel was without the true God, without a priest to teach them, and without the law. But when they were in distress and turned to the Lord God of Israel and sought him, he was found by them. After all this, they still did not stop their evil practices or turn away from them, but they continued to rebel against God and refused to worship the Lord their God."
"Verse 3: Is the Lord your God, and do you trust in Him? He is good to you. Shall you not live and be delivered, and shall you not prosper?"
"Verse 40. It is written: How terribly the prophets suffered who spoke for the Lord! Saying,"
"Verse 40. But as for him who sits at my right hand, I do not know; the Father has prepared a place for him, and God will complete what He has already finished for His people."
"Verse 42. And it spreads around the town, does not many people believe in the Lord?"
"Verse 42. For he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that this is he which is ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead."
"Verse 42: Nor do you look like him, and yet you have entered his kingdom."
"Verse 42. Nor did Jesus ask them, but said to them: ""Have you never read in the Scriptures? The stone which the builders rejected has become the cornerstone; this was the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes."""
"Verse. Then the dishonest soul says, ""I have previously left, and will go again."" So he goes again, to what place now is bare, sweeps previously."
"Verse  ?. He will crush your children beneath him, with them you will be dashed to pieces. Will you have any rest, one stone left upon another, for they are given to you as a place of refuge, but you will not obtain it?"
"Verse 54. So it happened, I say truly, you do not believe me!"
"Verse 54: Then the spirit came to me, and to whom was it? To another, who is worse? Are you more corrupt than they? Is every one of you like this? So that person is even more wicked. Thus, this dishonesty will be known."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer her, and I will murder her, I will behead her. Her women will die, their bodies I will give to all the birds and beasts, that all may know that the Lord has done this in Israel!"
"Verse 46: Will they repeat again? No one knows. Who is the servant who will be in the future? The people do not have conviction, and they will not join you."
"Verse 74. They mock you, saying, and moreover they ask."
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""Yet the Scripture will be fulfilled, 'He who eats bread with Me has lifted up his heel against Me.'"""
"Verse 84: Shall the king do, or Daniel in high places? Many gifts make a king rich, and he made Daniel ruler over all the land, moreover, the women had wisdom, and they became officials over them."
"Verse 4. If you become famous, what a great event! If you have great possessions, can you keep them? Then what will happen to you? What will you do, and who will help him?"
"Verse 4. Let us allow patience to have its perfecting work, for when it has done so, you will be complete, lacking nothing."
"Verse 4. They are filled with joy in Your presence. I say, ""How great is your joy!"""
"Verse 4. But my precious children, you are in accordance with Christ. You, you are conquered, why, because the Spirit that lives inside you, the Spirit that lives inside the world, whom does it belong to?"
"Verse 4. Has God come to speak with us? Is the Lord living in His temple? Previously, however, He had brought great honor to you."
"Verse 4. What addition does it make to you, what portion have you already given? But he, you, he, everything he has, he had, will be given."
"Verse 50: I know that God commands and leads, does He live? Even though my father told me, saying, I say."
"Verse 51. And they arrived with Jesus, who had only suffered, to whom did Peter, John, James, and the child of the parents belong?"
"Verse 53. Do not arrest me in the temple. I am there. However, today is their time, and darkness and the power of night are in control."
"Verse 54. Nor shall our bodies be changed to corpses, which can never die, for here corruption is swallowed up by victory, and death is devoured."
"Verse 58: So, you do only a few miracles? Why is this? Since you do not believe."
"Verse 5. For a few of the people of Israel have continued in faith, for what reason? Because God is gracious and He chose them."
"Verse 5. Before God, Mount Sinai was completely covered in smoke because God had come down on it in fire, and its smoke went up like the smoke of a furnace, and all the mountain shook very much, and when the blast of the trumpet sounded louder and louder, Moses spoke, and God answered him with thunder, and the earth trembled greatly."
"Verse 5. And when Jesus entered Capernaum, a centurion came to Him, imploring Him,"
"Verse 5. Do we try to impress you with flattery? Are you guys trying? . Our witness is not an error, we do not become their friends merely to receive their money!"
"Verse 5. Pride blocks arrogance, it stops people from knowing, and blocks us, destroying us. Does insurrection think it can catch us? Teach us to submit to Jesus."
"Verse 5: But although we refuse to sacrifice you, not for a moment; it is the true Gospel we desire to retain for them."
"Verse 76. Or who is the child of his parents, Zerubbabel, that he should prophesy, saying?"
"Verse 6: Since we are God's children, does God's Spirit bear witness to our spirit that we are his children, and if so, do we send our hearts into him, or does he remind us, and we call him Father?"
"Verse 6: Oh, my prayer is, ""See my prayer, day and night, for your people Israel!"" I admit that we have sinned against you. Myself and my family, we have transgressed!"
"Verse 6. But God, who encourages the discouraged, encouraged us by the arrival of Titus."
"Verse 6. Now at the feast of the Passover, it was the governor's custom to release for the crowd any one prisoner whom they would request."
"Verse 6: Simon Peter, did you know Jesus? He said, ""Lord, do you wash my feet?"""
"Verse 6: So we are always confident, knowing that while we are at home in the body we are absent from the Lord."
"Verse 6: I cry out to God, and He answers me, delivering me from all my troubles."
"Verse 6: Nor did Jesus spit on the ground, or tell a blind person to see, but He said to her..."
"Verse 6. We know that our old self was crucified with him, so that our sinful body might be rendered powerless, that we might no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6. For this reason I also, after hearing of the faith in the Lord Jesus which exists among you and your love for all the saints, do not cease giving thanks for you, while making mention of you in my prayers; that you may be filled with the knowledge of His will in all spiritual wisdom and understanding, so that you will walk in a manner worthy of the Lord, to please Him in all respects, bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God;"
"Verse 73: He has remembered His covenant forever, the word which He commanded to a thousand generations, the covenant which He made with Abraham."
"Verse 7. Will the heavens weep? Will you wilt, O God? Yes, the people will wilt. The nations of the world will mourn for God. Amen!"
"Verse 7. Yet if it is true that I have spoken falsely, may God Himself, in His great splendor and honor, show it to be so; how then could God be like a mortal?"
"Verse 7. We know that the world and its desires will pass away, but whoever does the will of God will live forever; we have nothing in common, what happens to us when we leave, like, we cannot do anything together."
"Verse 7. He told its keeper, ""Look, for three years now I have come looking for fruit on this fig tree, and still I haven't found any! Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?"""
"Verse 7. When the people arrived at dinner, they took the places of honor near the front seats. Jesus noticed this and asked, ""Who sat down?"
"Verse 7. Now my sons, listen to me, and do not turn away from the words I say."
"Verse 7: Are thorns and thistles mild, or does the choke plant produce grain?"
"Verse 7. You will never be able to do it, I will never be able to do it!"
"Verse 7. And after all, do not say, ""I will die"", for who will go to the abode of the dead and then come back to life again?"
"Verse 7: They, however, were going away, and you stroll, you love the people they obtained, their glory, however, you guys are seeking from one another as a religious leader."
"Verse 8. Are the servants of the bridegroom, whom I have previously invited, not ready?"
"Verse 8. And he entered into the synagogue, and spoke boldly for the space of three months, reasoning and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God."
"Verse 8. And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night."
"Verse 8: This is caused because persons, still after all being controlled by their indigenous nature, never value deity."
"Verse 8: Are there many troubles and hardships in achieving success, and have the havens arrived near the city of Lasea?"
"Verse 8. For if we suppose that by encouraging others, we give a gift, then by encouraging, we do so. If we assume that by giving, we do it generously. If we assume that the Lord has already given us the ability to do so, and we are responsible for using it, then we should. We have a gift, and if we use it to make others happy, they will be joyful."
"Verse 8. Behold, you are near the house of the prostitute, walk to the right and do not turn to the left, for the ways of the unfaithful are dark and sluggish, and they do not know at what they stumble, as they walk on the left side of her house."
"Verse 9. I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich! I know that you suffer because people insult you and say evil things about you, and they claim to be Jews, but they are not, because they are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: As they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: Does he who supplies the Spirit to you and works miracles among you do so by works of the law, or by hearing with faith?"
"Verse 9: That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, saying, No eye has seen, no ear has heard, and no mind has imagined the things which God has prepared for those who love Him."
"Verse 9. Do you not know? Then I say, do you not know? Should I say, do you know? You desire to go back to the world, a worthless spirit, principles of slavery, and become bondage again?"
"Verse 9. He refuses to help me. Who are you that I should serve you? You are my helper, do not leave me now, will you abandon me? You're my deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Do not lie to each other, since you have put off your old self with its practices."
"Verse 9: I am the Lord of half, and all people, generations, languages, nations, will look on my body. You have endured and been buried."
"My prayer is not for the world, but my prayer is for those whom you have given me, because they are yours, since everything that is mine is yours and everything that is yours is mine."
"Verse 9: Furthermore, I tell you, whoever divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery, and if she divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery."
"Verse 9. For I am not a God far away, but I am near, says the Lord. Israel, why have you destroyed yourself? Why have you turned against me? For I am not a man, that I should be offended, or a human being, that I should be grieved. I, the Lord, live among you, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9: He who has ears to hear, let him hear and understand."
"Verse 9: and she must be well reported of for good works, does she have at least sixty years of age, having been the wife of one husband?"
"Verse 9: Do people look like that? Yes! Their appearance, and their mouth is strong, identical! Although the beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we may not perish?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve, these two. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, ""To your descendants I will give this land"", and there he built an altar to the Lord who appeared to him."
"The Lord appeared to him the same night, and said, ""I am the Lord, the God of your father Abraham. Do not be afraid, for I am with you, and I will bless you and multiply your descendants for the sake of my servant Abraham."""
"You see things, and you hear them. I look, and I hear."
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
"To separate the day from the night, and to give light to the earth, and to divide between the light and the darkness. And God saw that it was good."
"For God knows that in the day you eat from it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to get, then to fight; and wisdom is to have many advisors, for that delivers."
Because ignorance destroys knowledge and the mouth spoke concerning foolish actions.
"That shall befall when he sees that I am not with you, that you will die: and your servants will bring down my gray hair with sorrow to the grave."
"The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
