"For the person and for the family of God. For the class of God. Our safe place is God, God healed, in troubles God, we trust God."
"He left the foolish, that their parents taught them, but despised the wisdom, and you, who consider it, wondering if it is accurate."
"Assume it is well, then the righteous will inherit the land and the beloved of the wicked will be cut off, but the descendants of the righteous will be a gift."
"Anxious times will come against women, nor will anxious people be struck."
"He supposes that wisdom is the knowledge that people have, which he has left, and it destroys them."
"And Adam lived one hundred and thirty years, and begot a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth."
"Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ, who was baptized by John in Israel. They lived."
"Then the brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the family of the poor, are left to be despised by their friends, who are distant. They chase after words, but they do not come."
Deaf education makes it possible to teach and instruct these deaf individuals. They should recognize the same language that spreads throughout their community. This will lead to a successful future and achievement.
"This fire, suppose it is the addition of more wooden sticks than charcoal, then the fire becomes large, same as if there are people who bring about terrible things, because you do not stir up peacefulness."
"The door, the slothful person, is like a door, that one similar to a lazy individual who lies in bed, and sleeps, and rests."
"Upon the children, should punishment be inflicted? But though people are opposed, punishment will surely be great."
"He has judged me, and has also heard my voice, and has given me a son."
"I am gentle, that leads to murder. I am soft. I: Me. 1/100: It destroys fruit. You. Remember.  Note: The sentence is reconstructed based on the given words and punctuation, but it may not form a grammatically correct or coherent sentence due to the presence of unknown words (<unk>)."
"But I think that when it goes well with him, God will show him kindness, and I shall ask him to let me go, and he will speak on my behalf before Pharaoh, and bring me out of his house."
The cat is whitish.
"Verse: The Paris school today, however, now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school at Paris named after the way of Rue? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Do you believe this! Suppose she believes it, will you assist me, and truly help me, and will you help me, and  assist me!"
"However, the rocket failed. The company will maintain the missile system, and most of its parts were designed by Elon Musk, who ought to improve it."
"What is it, but you are speaking against many things? Who is opposed to this, the majority of deaf people who consider themselves this way? However, deaf people who are not about being deaf do not feel that way, do they? I understand."
"And you also said that we suffered in our journey, and that we went, and that I would go before him who was there."
"And Esau took his wives and his sons and his daughters and all the persons of his household and his cattle and all his beasts and all his possessions which he had acquired in the land of Canaan, and he went to a land away from his brother Jacob."
John 6:83.
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him, or I am informed that as a Christian, his death is a plan also of God's scheme, all together in unison with Jesus."
"For my sake, do not leave, for transportation is far."
John 5:20.
John 1:16.
"Then you will go to meet these two at the city gate, by the laws. The bridegroom's daughter. Lot said, ""Here in this town I have settled, why would God destroy it?"" But the two men listened to Lot as if he were joking."
"Verse 15: And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Joyful bday.
The harvest will be gathered.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And also, her eyes and gaze, and look, and see, three women near her: and when she saw them, she ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
The Father loves the Son and has given all things into his hand.
"And you woke up that night, and received your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed over the stream of Jabbok, where there was less water."
"The disciples asked him continually, ""Up to now, what is the time that he has been saying, 'Believe', and ask?"" and they asked a question, ""What does the disciple reply, 'Not yet' to the sense of...""?"
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29
"Who has believed our message and to whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed? Who has done this, being obeyed by the peoples, and having the arm of the Lord with them, and did He see it?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"And your brother and your mother said, ""We will stay with you a few days, at least until we see that it is good for you. Then, if it pleases you, we will go."""
"And I said to my officials, ""If the men will not follow me."
"Who hears the deaf school, and the blind, and the mute? Who teaches the ignorant, and the foolish, and the unwise."
"John 5:34,"
"And also, moreover, of him, the son of the bondwoman, will I make a nation, because he is your seed."
"Attention, be aware of the terrible judgment of His coming. First, I, the Lord God, will send the prophet Elijah in the future."
"Assume he has wisdom, that one has privileges, but assume he has none, he suffers alone."
John 1:4.
John 1:1.
Ishmael was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
"And that which happened, like hers who came back to his hand, that got attention, whose brother came out: and she said, ""How did you break through?"" Thus his name was called Perez."
"Verse 29: And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham, and he sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot had lived."
"And it happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country."""
"And it happened, when they had finished eating the grain which they had brought from Egypt, your father said to them, ""Go back and buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, to live in a small house with peace, or a big house with a spouse who fights?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: ""For I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."""
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well do not need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus, as he left, appeared to the Father, saying, ""Forgive them, since they do not know what they are doing."" Next, the soldiers divided his clothes among themselves into four parts. How can it be determined which of these writings is by the original person who wrote and put them inside a jar?"
John 5:19.
"And Jokshan was the father of Sheba and Dedan. The sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father. The physicians embalmed Israel."
"And Laban said to him, ""You are my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"And Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between me and you this day."" Why was it named Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you have been caught, while I escaped."
"He endured, so that your faith should not fail, and that which you have, you may enjoy with pleasure."
My adaptation
"Verse 1:94 of John does not exist, as the Gospel of John only has 21 chapters. However, I can reconstruct the sentence as follows: John 1:1 is not correct in this case, but if we consider a different book that has more than 90 verses in one chapter, it would be Psalm or another Old Testament book, however considering the New Testament and specifically the Gospel of John,  If you meant to say ""Psalm"" instead of ""John"", I can reconstruct as follows: Psalm 1:94 does not exist, but if we consider a different verse that exists in the Bible, for example: Psalm 94:1."
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age, and he made him a coat of many colors."
"Now the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. He brought them near to him, and he kissed them and embraced them."
"Jonah 1: Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai:"
"Now, take your sword, your quiver, and your bow, and go out to the field, and hunt me some game."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shall you bring into the ark, to keep them alive with you; they shall be male and female."
"Poem 95, Verse 6: The two of us will worship, and bow down."
Picasso has the same artwork practice.
"He teaches that one's desire is not for silver, but for something better compared to California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"Now, I have two daughters who have not known any man; let me bring them out to you, and you can do to them as you see fit; only do nothing to these men, for they have come under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. Their road was changed, and changed, but they did not realize to the left."
"And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters."
"He that is aware that hell and the grave are to be filled, similar to the concerns of the people, has previously never been like that, never."
Verse: In the literature.
"What is this? He must increase. I must decrease. The Father loves the Son and has given all things into his hand. Jesus said,"
"It is a spirit that gives life, the flesh is of no use, the words that I have spoken to you are spirit and are life. But there are some of you who don't believe. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were who didn't believe, and who it was who would betray him."
"Assume a person is a stranger or a prostitute, you do not require her, a pledge, or a down payment of currency or something."
Thank you for coming to instruct us in written signs.
"The city, and the people, were very happy,  is not a correct reconstruction as there are many unknowns. A more accurate response would be: A sentence cannot be accurately reconstructed due to the presence of multiple unknowns (<unk>).  However, based on the given information, a possible partial reconstruction could be: the town,"
"And the women considered at what you spoke, not knowing whether the Lord had made his word prevail or not."
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself."""
"John 7, verse 20."
"During that time, Darius, as well as Cyrus from Persia, possessed, and Daniel prospered."
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And her servant ran to meet her, and said, ""I have come, I pray you, let me drink a little water from your pitcher."""
"Verse 19: And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth, and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered."
"Verse 3: And the waters receded from the earth, and after one hundred and fifty days the waters decreased."
"And he said to his household and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you and purify yourselves and change your garments."
"And you both had dreams on the same night, each of you having a dream with its own meaning. Each of you had a dream to interpret, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And they gave to Jacob all the strange gods that were in their hand, and the earrings that were in their ears, and Jacob hid them under the oak that was by Shechem."
"Verse 2: This man came to Jesus by night and said to him, ""Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher come from God, for no one can do these signs that you do unless God is with him."""
"Verse: Good. He says, ""No one is correct,"" not one."
"Verse 1. What shall we do, where can we go, what is crucial, and what is important? Then it happened that the hostess on their left saw them, went to say, ""You, we have better places for you!"" Then you have the honor of being in front of all the other guests."
"Verse 1: This is good. Because the angels watch, women ought to cover their heads, as a sign that they are under authority."
"Verse 10. My prophets, I have finished and sent to warn you with numerous dreams."
"Verse 1: And there were dwelling at Antioch, certain prophets and teachers, among whom were Barnabas, Simeon called Niger, Lucius of Cyrene, Manaen, who had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul, from the country of Rome, a Hebrew of Hebrew parents, a Pharisee according to the Jewish religion, both of them."
"Verse 10. But the angel comforted them, ""Don't be afraid!"" and declared to me, ""I bring great joy, which will be for all the people."
"Verse: Good. Yes, my parents, the Lord God is near me."
"Verse: Good. Nor did the government, Paul proceeded to speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged the occupation of the Hebrews, and my block is happy, I suggest this to you prior."
"Verse: Good. Shall we be conquered by evil? Our class,  no pestilence is near."
"Verse 1: But I speak this by way of concession, not of command. Regarding the unbelievers, do they bewilder sin? Then the selfish, cheat people, act as idol worship. As that, because stay, comma,  avoid, ought to depart earth.  Note: The sentence contains some unclear parts (<unk>) which might be due to translation or transcription errors. However, based on the provided information, this is a possible reconstruction of the sentence. A more readable version could be: Verse 1: But I say this as a concession, not a command. When it comes to unbelievers, do they confuse sin? Then there are the selfish, who cheat people and act like idol worshippers. Should we avoid them and depart from the world?"
"Verse 11. You shall also teach them to your children and to your household, that they may know the Lord. For is it not crucial for everyone to at least know that I am the Lord, who will be aware of them in the future?"
"Verse 11. Now Christ has come as the high priest of the good things that have come, and he has entered heaven itself to appear before God for us. Is he not the greatest, more excellent than the heavens, the God who entered human hands, not created by human hands, nor a portion of this creation, but the creator of the world?"
"Verse 11. Now, the things you started, you should finish. Are you eager to give now, as you were in the beginning? How does your giving compare to what you had?"
"Verse 11. But you say, ""It is well with the people, inform your father and mother,"" can I help? The future will present you with a gift, I have finished the covenant, presenting a gift."
"Verse 11. For He who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not murder."" Now if you do not commit adultery, but do murder, you have become a transgressor of the law."
"Verse 11: For where you are, brethren, inform, start until now you hear: We should love one another."
"Verse 11. And God said to the people, ""Truly, it will happen to you, you will fall, and be destroyed!"" Oh! They did not obey, so the people became like the Gentiles, and God had already delivered them, making it possible for you. But although God desired that His people would become jealous, would He receive it for Himself?"
"Verse 11: And I saw another beast coming up out of the earth, and it had two horns like a lamb and spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11. And I also announce to you, people of the Gentiles, that all around the earth, from east to west, will these sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where are the others?"
"Verse. Nor did Jesus, thank God, then give generously. Finished, accomplished, same. The people were satisfied."
"Verse 11. For he that is entered into his rest, but if we disobey, as the Israelites did, we will fall."
"Verse 11. If our enemies say, as you know what happens, we will pursue you, and we will tell you, and describe your work."
"Verse 11. Does our testimony have no weight? These things God has given to us, does He not also give us the life that is in His Son?"
Verse 11: They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony; they did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Have I already said, ""Become like me?"" You have become like me. My grieving clothes, have you already removed? Instead, you are rejoicing, what is this joy?"
"Verse 11: In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of flesh by Christ. He does the circumcision of the heart, by the Spirit, and not by the written code, intending to cut off the sins of the natives, which God had thrown away."
"Verse 12. That caused the Lord to say, ""Now I have had time."" He has their hearts. How did he come,  to have,  to know?"
"Verse 12: And the beast had three plucked off, but you have prolonged your life for a season."
"Verse 12. For the sake of, comma, pause, tempting, comma, pause, people to misery patience, comma, pause, we are blessed. Has the living crown received, question, those who have previously loved God?"
"Verse 12. He says to you guys, partners, I am baffled, I tell you. The festivals celebrate, my bafflement, if you guys can interpret, then thereby, thirty fine linen coats, also thirty fine vestures, I will give."
"Verse 12: Then the detachment of soldiers, with its commander and the Jewish guards, arrested Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12. And the fleshed meat was for the animals, moreover the beast was for their associates, Etam. And the burrows were completely filled with beasts eating, and their burrows were completely filled, and they would steal."
"Verse 12: Nor did the disciple ask him, ""Who are you?"" when recently he said, ""He is a Pharisee"", did you cause this question?"
"Verse 12. He will recognize you in the future, and this will reveal that I will be with the infant, and there will be these infants."
"Verse 12. We toil, working with our own hands. We are reviled, and we bless; we are persecuted, and we endure;"
"Verse 13: When you arrived at Sinai, you spoke, and you all heard. You asked what was right, and furthermore, the law and commands are good."
"Verse 13. Your life should be an example to the rest, and your faith should be a temptation to others to experience it. ... ... . You cannot have patience if God is not with you. When temptations happen, God will reveal the way, so that you can be patient."
"Verse 13: Then he went to his brothers, and where are your brothers?"
"Verse 13: A talebearer reveals secrets, but he who is trustworthy in spirit keeps a secret."
"Verse 13: Did the attendant run for it, or what, and was he sent, or did he go, is it true that he did not?"
"Verse 13. Jesus' disciples all went to him, and he had twelve followers."
"Verse 13: When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and began sailing along the shore of Crete."
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall that it was because of infirmity that I preached the gospel to you at first."
"Verse 14: What signs show you of the kingdom? A woman having ten pieces of silver, if she loses one piece, does she not light a lamp and sweep the house and seek diligently until she finds it? And when she has found it, she calls together her friends and neighbors, saying, ‘Rejoice with me, for I have found the piece which I had lost.’"
"Verse 14. But the people refused to listen to Samuel, and they said, ""No, we want a king to rule over us."""
"Verse 14: Do we start the people off to be trained, who have the capability to discern, but however, between right and wrong?"
"Verse 14. Your greatest warriors will not escape, but will be disabled. The crippled will be left behind, yes, the crippled, but the warriors will say, ""We are strong and ready to fight."""
"Verse 14. Shall we live in peace with the ungodly? Shall we live in holiness? Are we not unholy, Lord, for you will not see us?"
"Verse 14: Will God indeed receive this from my hand? Anyway, He told me,"
"Verse 14. Shall he have joy, will he be born?"
"Verse 14. Then he announced and determined. But the men, whom you previously informed me were leading a mutiny around you, have you already tested and found them associated with this frontal issue? Are they innocent?"
"Verse 15: Even though Jesus teaches, does his power permeate everything? Then, do you hear him preaching? Will you become cured?"
"Verse 15. Now upon the good order of the room, you decreed Peter, John, and others: Did they discuss among themselves?"
"Verse 15: If you are circumcised or not circumcised, it doesn't matter. What does matter? Suppose we change and become a new creation?"
"Verse 15: The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God. For the needy shall not always be forgotten, but the expectation of the wicked shall be in vain. The Lord is on the side of the righteous, He will direct his mercy to his people."
"Verse 15: Who has determined, or who has decided, that we should be sent? We have done nothing to deserve death or punishment."
"Verse 15: I no longer call you slaves, because a slave does not know what his master is doing. But I have called you friends, since I have told you everything I heard from my Father."
"Verse 15. Thank you for the great gift in this place, it's so wonderful that I cannot describe it with words!"
"Verse 15: I, with my wisdom, women have completed the attempt to find the word, and the purpose, however, these cannot act."
"Verse 15. Our father's name was not completed in honor, how his people are in Egypt, you snatched them with large signs of strong muscle. Have we finished sinning? We are completely filled with evil."
"Verse 15. The Lord is in his holy temple, beneath you; let us begin to build, and it will happen to you."
"Verse 15: They remained there until the death of Herod. Was it not spoken by the prophet, saying, ""Out of Egypt I called my son""?"
"Verse 16. But, my dear brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16: Is not the Lord your God among you, and do you not have praise? says he, Are there not a powerful prophet among us also? moreover, as well, , , He is God of his people."
"Verse 16: O Israel, listen to this, pay attention to what I say."
"Verse 16. The Lord says, ""When that day arrives, you will call me 'my husband', and no longer 'my master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to them, ""But who do you say that I am?"" Simon Peter answered and said, ""You are the Christ, the Son of the living God."""
"Verse 16: And in his plenty he will be filled with pleasure, joyful, and in his honour he will be honoured."
"Verse 16. That night, the disciples went down to the shore of the water, and Jesus' disciples waited for Jesus."
Verse 17: But he who is joined to the Lord is one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17: But if you have a comb to comb your hair, or wash your face."
"Verse 17: Jesus asked, ""I have healed one, where is he?"""
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious things, and I have one more request. You have already been instructed in the opposite, which causes divisions among people of faith, you guys have been warned. You guys."
"Verse 17. This became known to all, both Jews and Greeks, who lived in Ephesus, and fear fell upon them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified, and the name of the Lord Jesus was made awesome, and it was held in great honour."
Verse 17: Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. Don't you know that he who says, ""The ox should not walk on the grain,"" is talking about something else? He should not stop working, but rather, he made it cease. In some places, people say, ""Folks who work deserve to get their wages!"""
"Verse 18: You are all becoming like me, think about it, I am not repeating this to you."
"Verse 18: Shortly, will it be said, ""What a wonder!"" It has certainly come to pass."
"Verse 18. The wicked earns wages to put them into a bag with holes in it, but he who sows righteousness will have a sure reward."
Verse 19. Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19. I love the one who corrects me with discipline. So do you despise the disciplines of the Almighty, and are you not tired of being corrected, but you don't care?"
"But however, the possessions that Mary had here, she dwelt on a million."
"Verse 19. Jesus asked her, ""What is your husband's name?"" She replied, ""I don't have a husband."" Jesus said, ""You are right when you say you haven't got a husband."
"Verse 19. He who sees a dream becomes true, has pleasure, however the foolish will not push away evil, but gets it."
"Verse 19. Who is it? . Does one perform up above the roof, remove the tiles? Complete, the sick men lying, you guys lowering, and lowering, in front of Jesus,  ."
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind came, and you were gone. Your idols will bring you shame."
"Chapter 2. Hear, O priests, and hearken, O house of Israel, and give ear, O house of the king!"
"Verse 30. Lord, you're exalted, shall I? Why, since you've already delivered me? My enemies, you refuses to let them suffered, you guys conquer me."
"Chapter 6. He left that part of the country, and Jesus went to Nazareth, their home town, again, and his disciples accompanied him."
"Chapter 2. I will watch from my tower, I will wait in the upper floor of my secure place. I will wait to see what the Lord will say to me, how God will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter is from Paul, a servant of God, who has been prepared by God to be a follower of Jesus Christ. I am writing to you, holy people of God, who have been chosen to be followers of Jesus Christ, to all of you who have faith in Christ Jesus."
"Verse 1. This letter is from John, the elder, and it is being written to my dear friend Gaius, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20: Behold! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me."
"Verse 20. The words of the people are like silver, but a foolish heart is worthless."
"Verse 20: For the day of the Lord is darkness, and not light, a day of gloom with no brightness in it, yet he will be a little sanctuary of hope."
"Verse 20. But are you not all one in the same? Why, for what reason, is one holy and God's Spirit already with you guys? In fact, actually, all of these things are familiar to you."
"Verse 20: Does our law judge a man before it hears him and knows what he is doing? They cried out, ""Crucify him, crucify him."""
"Verse: What man is there among you, if his son asks for bread, will he give him a stone?"
"Verse 21. Did Christ become a sin offering for us? God made Him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in Him we might become the righteousness of God."
"Verse  : What shall we call him, Oh! Oh! How you guys enter question. ,  people truly my actions my Father God plan ?  wilt enter.  Reconstructed sentence:  ""What shall we call him? Oh! Oh! You guys have a question. But people, did my Father God truly plan this? Will it come to pass?"""
"Verse 21: And you, when you departed, said, ""I will return again to you, if God wills""; and now, did I not come? Or did you send to Ephesus to initiate a vessel?"
"Verse: This rule only teaches the body about things, but it itself becomes worse."
"Verse 10: Do the Gentiles live there? He comes, moves, asks, and I say, ""Oh, are you a descendant of David?"" She is his daughter, but does he control her? The oppressed."
"Verse 22: Does it become stronger for your sermon? Your Jesus is certainly the Messiah, but a Hebrew from Damascus cannot be wrong."
"Verse 9: Shall I wait for a time, will there be revenge? Is the word of the prophets to be completed?"
"Verse: He replied, ""I am, and I will send them,"" and I finished."
"Verse 22: Do. They will certainly hear you and finish, and then come."
"Verse 23. He who says to you, ""Well done, my good and faithful servant,"" because of your faith and actions? Have you been faithful in small things, will I now put you in charge of many more things? Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23: A wise man does not display his knowledge, but a fool announces his folly."
"Verse 23: Who are you, and what is your importance? Who are you, that you are so crucial?"
"Verse 23: Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him."
"Verse 23: But did he know what would happen to him? Did he prepare himself before it happened? Who would have thought that Jesus would experience the pain of being betrayed? It was against the law, but someone helped, and you guys, who are you?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because of me."
"Verse 24: I called, and you did not come; I summoned, but you did not answer. I reached out to you, but you did not receive."
"Verse 24. After all, I had a powerful Lord, and I came to you two."
"Verse 24: And the word of God continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased greatly."
Verse 24. Let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds.
"Verse 24. Matthat was the father of Levi, Levi was the father of Melki, Melki was the father of Jannai, Jannai was the father of Joseph."
"Verse 25. But does he who informs us, speak to us towards, those who live, to want, what do they have? Have they nothing? Does he change? Does he exist, what is it?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers lives, but a false witness is a betrayer."
"Verse 25: Now about eating food sacrificed to idols, we have written to you in our letter, don't you think that idols are anything, should you eat such things or drink blood, or eat flesh of strangled animals, and furthermore, abstain from sexual immorality."
"Verse 25: Now the people are half drunk, and you demand, and, to us, we enjoy! Well, bring the dungeon to the outside for pleasure, you guys, between the colonnade that supports the roof up there, you guys,  who stand."
"Verse 26. If it is to be that I desire, then let this be a sign, let it be compared with the actions of other people, you have to do what your parents tell you, and if you don't, then it will not become mine."
"Verse 26. Did he repeat to you, ""Are you guys going to fight again?"" Is the Israeli man going to combat? Do you see? Try to be a peaceful creator. Saying, ""You are brothers."" Why do you fight each other?"
"Verse 26: Furthermore, I know that you, Agrippa, know about these things. I speak boldly, for I am sure that these things have happened among you, don't you know? You know they did!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The kingdom is like a man who casts seed upon the soil;"
"Verse 26. If our God, whom we serve, is able to deliver us, then He will. But which god will you appeal to for help? We don't know what to pray about, but the Holy Spirit prays for us. But what word can we use to explain the groanings that cannot be uttered?"
"Verse 26: For it is good if you do this, but if not, be aware that the people will fail you, and instead, their affairs will amaze you and make you silent."
"Verse 26. When Saul arrived, did he try to assemble with the believers? Are you afraid of him? Do not be afraid, for he will surely become a believer!"
"Verse 26: It happened that the army listened, and who goes to the official and asks, ""Do you?"" What, men of Rome, are you a citizen!"
"Verse 27: Do you think you will go ahead and meet the Ethiopian eunuch, who had great authority under Kandake, the queen of Ethiopia? Has he come to Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27. What was the purpose that you finished? She finished, did she not?"
"Verse 28: Has not the Lord of heaven revealed this to me, will He not make known to King Nebuchadnezzar what things are to happen? As for your dream and the visions of your head while you were sleeping, I was there."
"Verse 28. Have they had five? Will he caution these, saying, ""Do not come into these terrible places of suffering""?"
"Verse 2. Mordecai's success was also recorded, as well as his completion of the story, and how the king promoted him, and all that was written in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2. Let our father, and Jesus Christ also, bring us peace."
"Verse 2: And you know that Aquila, a Jew born in Pontus, had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla, because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome."
"Verse 2: Well, you started teaching them."
"Verse 2: And a poor widow came, and she cast in two small copper coins."
"Verse 2: My father has many rooms, I go to prepare a place for you. If I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, so that where I am, there you may be also."
"Verse 2. The people say, ""The future will never be delivered!"""
"Verse 2: Shall I look to God for my help, from the Lord who created heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2: But in a little while the time came for the Hebrew Festival of the Tabernacle,"
"Verse 2. Who are you among the gods, O Lord? You who are to be honored? Who should be feared, for what reason, since many are the people I have made, unless I am with you?"
"Verse 31. But even though my father requires this of me, will the world in the future know that I love my father? ..., and we departed."
"Verse 31. I led the elders, where the wall was established, with two large choirs to give thanks to God. One choir proceeded to the south top of the wall, to the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32: But the time is coming, and has come, when you will be scattered, each to his own home, and you will leave me alone; but I am not alone, because the Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery, but I am speaking of Christ and the church."
"Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the crowds, because he liked to teach them as much as they could understand."
"Verse 34: And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: What is this word that he said, 'You will seek me, and won't find me; and where I am, you can't come'?""  However since the provided decomposition does not match the reconstructed sentence above. Here's another attempt at reconstructing based on the given decomposition: Verse 63: You, who, have the law, which commands the majority, what question?"
"Verse 73: They told Jesus, ""The Nazarene."""
"Verse 83. But when the son came, the farmers said to one another, 'This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and get his inheritance for ourselves!'"
"Verse 83: Is this the manner of Isaiah? Is this the signature of Isaiah the prophet here, where Isaiah's prophecy is complete, and is informed, and finished, does he believe in question? For God is a strong arm, and God has completed, and does he question?"
"Verse 93: If the man of the house had known at what hour the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93: Jesus said, ""Do you think that I have come to bring peace to the earth? I have not come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to set a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law; and a man's foes will be those of his own household. He who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me; and he who does not take his cross and follow me is not worthy of me. Whoever finds his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it."
"Verse 93. The Spirit of the Lord will snatch Philip away, and the eunuch will never see him again, but will go on his way rejoicing."
"Verse 3: But are you so foolish, have I been making all this effort for nothing, as it seems? As far as I am concerned, I have told you before, and I tell you again, that your eagerness is credit to me. My boast about you to them is not made empty,"
"Verse 3: And he cast his rod into the fire, did Paul set it on a heap? Did the heat of the flame cause...? and Paul's hand..."
"Verse 3: By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, unless they are agreed?"
"Verse 3. When I heard these things, I sat down and wept. For I prayed and fasted, and wore sackcloth and ashes."
"Verse 3: If they ask you, ""What shall we say to them?"" you should say to them, ""What does the Lord answer?"" or ""What does the Lord say?"" and quote it word for word."
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, and Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Now Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples, was possessed by Satan,"
"Verse 3: Is it well with you, California, that you take cups from the Temple of Jehovah before entering the house of your king in Jerusalem? Do your men and their wives and children drink from these cups?"
"Verse 3. In those days, the book of the law of the Lord your God was read, and you obeyed its words, and you continued to do so. When you had finished, three more times you rebelled against God, but you admitted your sinning and worshiped the Lord your God."
"Verse 3: Does the Lord delight in this, that you trust Him? You are complete, and you are doing well. Or is it not He who lives, was I to deliver him, and all for which he prays? Shall he prosper?"
"Verse 40. Oh! The word of the prophets has been fulfilled towards you guys! He says,"
"Verse 40. But as for him who sits at my right hand, I do not know him, for I have no regard for his well-being. He has already prepared a place for the people of God to finish and complete what is lacking."
Verse 42: And it spread around concerning the town that many people believed in the Lord.
"Verse 42. For you have decreed that we should preach about Jesus Christ, who is ordained by God to be the Judge of the living and the dead."
"Verse 42. Nor should you look like them, for you will enter their kingdom, but I will not."
"Verse 42: Jesus asked them, ""Have you never read in the Scriptures? The stone which the builders rejected has become the cornerstone. This was the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes?"""
"Verse 8. Then the man said, ""I have already left you, I will go again, for I will surely die because of you."" So he went again and came to the place, where is it now naked, sweeps what has already been swept?"
"Verse: He will crush your dust with them, and your children with you. Will the enemy have no remainder or rock to take refuge in? For is this the time for you to take possession, when I have delivered them into your hand, but you would not accept?"
"Verse 54. Thus the matter occurred as I said: Truly, you do not believe me!"
"Verse 54: Then does the spirit prompt you to ask, ""Is another also like this?"" Are you more corrupt than everyone else? Is every person like that within you? So is that individual even more so. This known corruption, it will be experienced."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer you, I will murder you, I will behead you. Your women will die, their bodies I will give to the birds and the beasts, and all will know that the Lord has done this in Israel!"
"Verse 64: Shall we again repeat the same things? Does none of you know? Who then is a faithful servant, will you be one in the future? For the people do not have conviction, and they have not joined you."
"Verse 74: They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away."
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""You will all fall away, for it is written, 'I will strike the shepherd, and the sheep will be scattered.'"""
"Verse 84: Shall the king do what is high in the places of Daniel, who has many gifts and is rich? He made Daniel a ruler over all the kingdom, moreover, because of their wisdom, the women, them, he became an official over them."
"Verse 4: If you are anyone, become famous! If great events can happen to you, then what's next? What's in store for him?"
"Verse 4: Let endurance have its perfect work, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking nothing."
"Verse 4. They have been filled with gladness in Your presence. I say, ""How great are your works, O Lord!"""
"Verse 4. But my precious children, although you are in accordance with something. You guys, you guys are something, something, for what reason do you conquer? Since the spirit that lives inside you, the spirit that lives in the world, whom does it belong to?"
"Verse 4: Has God indeed come to dwell with man on earth? Behold, heaven and the highest heaven cannot contain You, how much less this temple which I have built. Yet regard the prayer of Your servant and his supplication, O Lord my God, and listen to the cry and the prayer which Your servant is praying before You today, that Your eyes may be open toward this temple night and day, toward the place of which You have said, ‘My name shall be there,’ to listen to the prayer which Your servant makes toward this place."
"Verse 4. What addition does it make to you, a portion which you have already given? but he, what has he, all that he has, will he not give?"
"Verse 50. I know that God orders what leads, does it live? does it live? even though my father tells me, saying, I say."
"Verse 51: When they arrived, Jesus only suffered with them, with Peter, John, James, and the child's parents."
"Verse 53. Do not arrest me in the temple, I am over there. I am over there. However, today is their time, and darkness will soon take control."
"Verse 54: Nor shall our bodies be changed to bodies which can never die, for here death is swallowed up in victory, and death is devoured."
"Verse 85: So, have you done only a few miracles for them? Why is it that you do not believe?"
Verse 5: Why is it that some of the Israelites have remained faithful? It is because God has been gracious and has chosen them.
"Verse 5: Before God, Mount Sinai was shaking, and the hills were trembling, the earth trembled, and the people were ruined."
"Verse 5. And behold, a Roman centurion came to Jesus, pleading,"
Verse 5. Did we try to win you over by flattery? Are you guys so gullible? Our witness is that we didn't become your friends just to get your money!
"Verse 5. For it blocks the pride, and it stops people from knowing what is possible, and it destroys us. Does a mutiny thought catch us? Teach us to submit to Jesus."
"Verse 5: But although we refuse to give you up, not for one minute. For we desire to retain the true gospel for them."
"Verse 76: Or did the parents of Zerubbabel prompt him, or was it his own fullness that caused him to prophesy, saying...?"
"Verse 6: Since we are God's children, the Spirit of God's Son has been sent into our hearts, reminding us to call out ""Abba, Father""."
"Verse 6. Hear my prayer, see my prayer, night and day, for your people Israel. I admit, we have sinned against you. Myself and my family, we have sinned!"
"Verse 6. But God, who encourages the dejected, encouraged us by the arrival of Titus."
"Verse 6: Now at the Passover festivals, he used to release one prisoner for them, whom they requested."
"Verse 6. Simon Peter said to him, ""Lord, do you wash my feet?"" Jesus answered him, ""What I'm doing you don't understand now, but afterwards you will know."""
"Verse 6: We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord."
"Verse 6. I pour out my soul to you, I cry out to you, Lord, my God; answer me, for all my troubles, God has delivered me."
"Verse 6: When Jesus had spoken these words, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay, and said to him, ""Go, wash in the pool of Siloam"" (which means ""Sent"")."
"Verse 6: We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body ruled by sin might be done away with, that we should no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6. For which cause I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints, cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him."
Verse 73. God had promised that He would multiply the seed of our forefather Abraham.
"Verse 7: Oh heaven and fog, are you coming? Will the Lord wilt? Yes, folks, will you wilt? The earth and nations will grieve for God. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7. Yet if it is true that I have spoken falsely, may God do so to me and more also, if the enemies of David have found for themselves security in my house, then how could I have cut off the inheritance of the Lord and given the flock as prey to David, like this?"
"Verse 7. Do we not know that the earth was born, and we were nothing in unison? What happens when we depart, similar to, we cannot do whatever in unison?"
"Verse 7. He told its keeper, ""For three years now I have been coming to look for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?"""
"Verse 7: And the people came to dinner, and they were sitting near the front seats of honor. Did Jesus notice that you guys all sat down? Who told you to do so?"
"Verse 7. Now my sons, listen to me, and do not turn away from the words I speak:"
"Verse 7: Are thorns and thistles likely to sprout from fertile ground, or does the gentle plant produce choke plants?"
"Verse 7. You will never be able to do it!, I am here, and I will never be able to do it!"
"Verse 7: After all, do not say, ""I will die"", for whom will go there and then come back to live again?"
"Verse 7: And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand, and heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give, and lo, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves, be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves, but beware of men, for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues, and ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles, but when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak, for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak, for it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you, and the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child, and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death, and ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake, but he that endureth to the end shall be saved, and this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations, and then shall the end come, when ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, whoso readeth, let him understand, then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains, let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house, neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes, and woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days, but pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day, for then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be, and except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved, but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened, then if any man shall say unto you, lo, here is Christ, or there, believe it not, for there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders, insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect, behold, I have told you before, wherefore if they shall say unto you, behold, he is in the desert, go not forth, or behold, he is in the secret chambers, believe it not, for as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be, for wheresoever the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together, immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken, and then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven, and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory, and he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other, now learn a parable of the fig tree, when his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh, so likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors, verily I say unto you, this generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled, heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away, but of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only, but as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be, for as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and knew not until the flood came, and took them all away, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be, then shall two be in the field, one shall be taken, and the other left, two women shall be grinding at the mill, one shall be taken, and the other left, watch therefore, for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come, but know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up, therefore be ye also ready, for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh, who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season, blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing, verily I say unto you, that he shall make him ruler over all his goods, but and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, my lord delayeth his coming, and shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken, the lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of, and shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom, and five of them were wise, and five were foolish, they that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them, but the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps, while the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept, and at midnight there was a cry made, behold, the bridegroom cometh, go ye out to meet him, then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps, and the foolish said unto the wise, give us of your oil, for our lamps are gone out, but the wise answered, saying, not so, lest there be not enough for us and you, but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves, and while they went to buy, the bridegroom came, and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage, and the door was shut, afterward came also the other virgins, saying, lord, lord, open to us, but he answered and said, verily I say unto you, I know you not, watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh, for it is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods, and unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one, to every man according to his several ability, and straightway took his journey, then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents, and likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two, but he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money, after a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them, and so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents, behold, I have gained beside them five talents more, his lord said unto him, well done, thou good and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things, enter thou into the joy of thy lord, he also that had received two talents came and said, lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents, behold, I have gained two other talents beside them, his lord said unto him, well done, good and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things, enter thou into the joy of thy lord, then he which had received the one talent came and said, lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed, and I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth, lo, there thou hast that is thine, his lord answered and said unto him, thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed, thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury, take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents, for unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance, but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath, and cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory, and before him shall be gathered all nations, and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats, and he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left, then shall the king say unto them on his right hand, come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world, for I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat, I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink, I was a stranger, and ye took me in, naked, and ye clothed me, I was sick, and ye visited me, I was in prison, and ye came unto me, then shall the righteous answer him, saying, lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee, or thirsty, and gave thee drink, when saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in, or naked, and clothed thee, or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee, and the king shall answer and say unto them, verily I say unto you, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me, then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels, for I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat, I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink, I was a stranger, and ye took me not in, naked, and ye clothed me not, sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not, then shall they also answer him, saying, lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee."
"Verse 8: Are the wedding attendants, are they ready? I have invited them, but do not delay."
"Verse 8. For three months, Paul frequented the temple and preached strongly, arguing persuasively about the Kingdom."
"Verse 8: And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night."
"Verse 8: But the people caused that, after all, the natives were controlled by, and they never valued God."
"Verse 8: Great was the trouble there, did success and fairness reach, and arrived near the city of Lasea."
"Verse 8. For if we suppose that the rest of the people are motivated by a gift, then we are also motivated. If we assume that giving is next, then it will be large. Suppose God has already done what is possible for him, and he is responsible, then the rest of the people are happy with the gift."
"Verse 8. Behold, you are near the house of a promiscuous woman, walk slowly to the left of her house."
"Verse 9: I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer from the blasphemy of those who claim to be Jews but are not, because they are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9. And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen, until after the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: What do they work for, are they blessed? Will you have a name when you have no children?"
"Verse 9. That no one should boast, saying, ""I have seen, I have heard, I have perceived"", for none has seen, none has heard, none has imagined the things which God has prepared for those who love Him."
Verse 9: Don't you know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do you want to go back to those weak and miserable principles? Do you want to be slaves to them again?
Verse 9: He refuses to help me. Who are you to me? I am your helper. Have you left me now? Will you abandon me? You're my deliverer!
"Verse 9: Do you lie to one another, considering your former sins, all of you act like the native-born? You have finished being wicked."
"Verse 9: Half of the signs, every people, generations, languages, nations, will look on the body. You have been buried and suffered."
"Verse 9. Is my prayer not for the world? My prayer is for those whom God has given to me, since they belong to God."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife and marries someone else commits adultery, and the one who marries a divorced woman also commits adultery."
"Verse 9. For I am not able, comma, to withstand the powerful anger, I am not able. Israel, comma, has not been completely destroyed, comma, why, for what reason, comma, has the Lord God not preserved a small remnant of people? I am the Holy One who lives among you all, comma, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9: He who has ears to hear, let him hear and understand."
"Verse 9: and she favors widows, doesn't it record that you must be at least sixty years old, a woman of conviction who has been the wife of one husband?"
"Verse 9: Do people look like that? Yes! Does a person's appearance,  have a strong mouth, same! But the beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we may not perish?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve, these two. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, ""Unto thy seed will I give this land"", and there builded he an altar unto the Lord, who appeared unto him."
"And the Lord appeared unto him the same night, and said, ""I am the God of Abraham your father; fear not, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"I see the things, hear the sound. I look, hear the voice. Lord"
"And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall hasten and bring down my father hither."
"Verse 18: And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good."
"For God knows that in the day you eat from it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to get, then to combat, and many persons that are more delivered."
"After all, because he destroys what he has studied and his lips have spoken concerning his actions."
"That which will happen when he sees that the experience is certainly not with us, that you will die: and your maids shall bring down the grey hair of your servant our father with anguish to the tomb."
"The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
