"For the individual and for the relatives of the Lord. For the category. Our secure location is God, He is God, He heals, in troubles He, we trust."
"He who leaves his parents, and despises their instruction, but considers wisdom, is he accurate?"
"Assume, well, then the remaining will inherit for your grandchildren, and the beloved of the wicked shall present gifts."
"An anxious woman will come opposed to men, or will not anxious people strike."
"He assumes that wisdom is when he leaves people, and additionally, it destroys them."
"And Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and begot a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth,"
"And Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the presence of Jesus.  He came into the world to save sinners, and Jesus also came to be baptized by John in the river Jordan for the salvation of Israel. And they went to live where no one else lived."
"Then the brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the family of the impoverished he left, do they despise their left side, friends from afar? They chase to speak, but they do not come."
Deaf education makes it possible to teach these deaf individuals. They ought to recognize alike language that spreads throughout their community. This will lead to a successful future for them.
"There is a flame, suppose we add more wood than charcoal, the fire becomes bigger. It's the same if there are individuals who stir up terrible things, because they do not bring about peaceful things."
"The door, the one similar to an indolent individual, stays in bed,  and so on."
"Upon the children, shall we intertwine and need to punish? But the people opposed, although punishment will be large in the future."
"My silence, my voice is intertwined with my son."
"I am soft, that I would kill towards murder. I am, and I recall. A hundredth: it ruins the fruits. You. Remember.  Note: The sentence is reconstructed based on the given words, but the meaning may not be entirely clear due to the presence of unknown words (<unk>)."
"But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and show kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house."
The cat is a whitish feline.
"The Paris school today, however, now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school at Paris named after the way of Rue? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Does she really believe that? I suppose she assumes that someone believes it, help me! Assist me, it's true, help me, I need it!"
"However, the rocket failed. The company will maintain the missile program, and most of its engineers agree with Elon Musk that they ought to continue developing it."
"What is it, but you are against many things? Who is opposed to the majority of deaf people who consider themselves a minority group? However, deaf people, who are not about being unable to hear, do they feel something that I understand?"
"And you said, ""We have endured our transportation, and we have gone, and I will go before him who was there."
"And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan, and went into a country away from his brother Jacob."
"John 6:63 doesn't exist, however John 6 has only 71 verses. It seems there might be some confusion with the reference. If you meant to provide a different reference or context, please let me know and I'll do my best to assist you.  However if we were to reconstruct based on standard biblical notation it would look something like this: John 6:63 doesn't exist, but if it did, here is how it might be written in sentence form:  The Gospel according to John, chapter 6, verse 63."
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him, or else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all, why are they then baptized for them, after that Christ is risen from the dead."
"For my friends are not leaving, for transportation is a long distance."
John 5:20.
John 1:16.
"Then you will go to meet the two men at the city gate, and the bridegroom's daughter. Lot said, ""Here in this town I have to leave, why does God destroy it?"" But the two men listened to Lot as a joke."
"Verse 15: And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Joyful bday.
The harvest is gathered by them.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of the sons of Laban, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And you, whose eyes and gaze, and look, see three women near you: and when you see them all, you run to meet them from the tent door, and bow down to the ground."
John 3:30.
"And you arose in the night and took your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven children, and crossed over the ford of the Jabbok river, where there was little water."
"His disciples asked him continually, ""Until now you have been talking to us in parables, but ask him a question?"" The disciple replied, ""Not at this time, for the sense of the sight is not yet."""
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29.
"Who has given to me that the womb should have or that I should be a nurse? Shall I have borne and nourished, yet none for whom I have labored?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"And your brother and your mother said, ""She has suffered with us for a few days, at least, now that things are going well, you should go."
"And I said to my officials, ""If the men will not follow me, ..."
"I hear the institute, comma, pause,  and comma, pause,  full stop. The sentence is not clear due to unknown terms, but a possible reconstruction could be: I hear the institute, and,  full stop. However, without more context or information about the unknown terms, it's difficult to provide an accurate reconstruction."
"John 5:34,"
"And also, as well as the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is your seed."
"Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord."
"Assume he has wisdom, that he has rights, but assume he has none, he suffers alone."
"Verse 1:4, John the Apostle.  However, a more accurate reconstruction would be: John 1:4."
John 1:1.
"Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin."
"And that which happened, as she came back to him, that which, behold, his brother came out, and he said, How is it that you are delivered before me? And so she named him Pharez."
"And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham, and he sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot had lived."
"And it happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."""
"And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, ""Go again, buy us a little food."""
"Which is better: the life in Christ, living in a small corner of a house with peace, or a big house with a spouse who fights?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well do not need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing."" And they divided his clothes among themselves by casting lots. How can it be determined which of the soldiers wrote, and put inside a jar, and who took out the original?"
John 5:19.
"And Jokshan fathered Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father, and the physicians embalmed Israel."
"And Laban said to him, ""You are indeed my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"And Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between me and you this day."" Therefore the name of it was called Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you have suffered in your snare, while I escaped."
"She has suffered as a result of your actions, but God's favor is upon her, and that which she has endured has brought her pleasure."
My change
"John 1:94 doesn't exist, as the Gospel of John only has 21 chapters. However, I can reconstruct the sentence as follows: Verse 1:94 of John the Apostle does not exist, but if it did, it would be referenced as John 1:94."
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colours."
"Now the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now, the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai:"
"Now, therefore, take, I pray thee, thy sword, and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Verse 6: Poetry 95. The two of us, we will worship, and bow."
Picasso has same artwork practice
"He teaches his desire, not silver, is better compared to California."
"But Sarai was thirty, however Sarai cannot be pregnant, she had no child."
"At present, I have two daughters who are virgins; I pray you, bring them out to you, and do to them as is good in your eyes; only do nothing to these women, for they came under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. On their left, the road will change, change, and they will realize on their left."
"And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters."
"That he should not see hell, nor be buried in the tomb, and never, like those who are similar to the people previously, never."
"Even though many details are missing, based on the provided decomposition, a possible reconstruction could be: ... concerning the literature.  However, given that most of the components are unknown (<unk>), it's challenging to provide a more detailed or accurate sentence without additional context or information about the missing parts."
"And Adah bore to Esau Eliphaz. And Bashemath bore Reuel. And Aholibamah bore Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah. And these are the sons of Esau, who were born to him in the land of Canaan, and Esau took his wives."
"Two disciples, obey, Jesus, comma, pause, and, also, follow, him, comma, pause, they, went, and, did, as, he, commanded, them, full stop. And, also, they, comma, pause, found, a, donkey, comma, pause, tied, to, a, post, and, they, loosed, it, full stop. The, disciples, of, Jesus, obeyed, him, full stop."
"Assume a person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to make a pledge or pay a deposit of money or anything."
Thanks for coming to teach us the written signal.
"the city, and the towns,  were in the area,"
"And the women considered, ""Did you not speak? The Lord has made his word to prevail, hasn't he?"""
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."
John 7:20.
Jesus replied to them with a question: What did Moses say in the law about divorce?
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And your servant will run to meet you, and will say, I have suffered, I pray you, drink a little water of the water that I have poured out."
"And the waters prevailed upon the earth, and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered."
"And the water receded from the earth continually, and after 150 days the waters decreased."
"He said to the family, and also to all who were with you, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you, and purify yourselves, and change your garments."
"And you both had dreams, each woman whose dream was in one night, each woman towards the interpretation of the dreams, the house servant and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And you gave to the descendants of Abraham all the foreign gods which were in their hands, and also all their earrings which were in their ears? And the descendants of Abraham hid them under the oak tree that was by Shechem."
"Verse 2:11, This beginning of signs Jesus did in Cana of Galilee, and revealed his glory; and his disciples believed in him."
"Verse: He says, ""No one is good, but One."""
"Verse 8: What shall we do, for everything is against us, crucial, and important? Then it happens on their left side, the host sees, proceeds to say, ""You, we have better places for you!"" Then you have honor in front of all other guests."
"Verse 1: This is good. Because the angels are watching, and women ought to have a sign of authority on her head, for this reason."
"Verse 10: My prophets, I have sent them to warn you with numerous dreams."
"Verse 1: Now in the church at Antioch there were prophets and teachers, from Cyprus and Cyrene, and others from Rome, both Jews and converts to Judaism, who were worshiping the Lord,  Note: The sentence has been reconstructed based on the provided information. However, some parts of the original text are missing due to the presence of ""<unk>"" tokens, which represent unknown or missing words. The reconstructed sentence is an approximation based on common biblical phrases and context."
"Verse 10. But the angel said, ""Do not be afraid! I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people."
"Verse: It is good. Yes, my parents, they, the Lord God, He is near me, I shall.  Reconstructed for better grammar and coherence: Verse: It is good. Yes, my parents say that the Lord God is near me."
"Verse 1. Now, Paul proceeded to speak, and Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged me, an occupation which brings joy to the descendants of Abraham, but my block, I suggest to you prior to this."
"Verse: Is it good that he has defeated the evil? The project, and none of the pestilence will come near."
"Verse 7: But I speak this by way of concession, not of command. For it is good for a man not to touch a woman. But because of immoralities, each man is to have his own wife, and each woman is to have her own husband. ... Now, as a concession, not a command, I say this. I wish that all were as I myself am. But each has his own gift from God, one of one kind and one of another. To the unmarried and the widows I say that it is good for them to remain single as I am. But if they cannot exercise self-control, they should marry. For it is better to marry than to burn with passion. ... Do you not know that your bodies are members of Christ? Shall I then take the members of Christ and make them members of a prostitute? Never! Or do you not know that he who is joined to a prostitute becomes one body with her? For, as it is written, ""The two will become one flesh."" But he who is joined to the Lord becomes one spirit with him. Flee from sexual immorality. Every other sin a person commits is outside the body, but the sexually immoral person sins against his own body. Or do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit within you, whom you have from God? You are not your own, for you were bought with a price. So glorify God in your body."
"Verse 11. Furthermore, teach your neighbors and your relatives that they need to be instructed, for everybody knows the Lord. For who is most important, that they will know me in the future?"
"Verse 11. Now Jesus, the high priest of good things to come, has become so, having been made perfect, and the author of eternal salvation. Is He not the greatest, the excellent God who has entered into heaven, whom human hands did not create, nor is He a portion of the world created by someone else?"
"Verse 11. Now, the things which you started, you ought to finish. Are you enthusiastic about these things? Now let your enthusiasm be the same in completing them. How does your giving relate to what you have?"
"Verse 11: But you say, 'If a man says to his father or mother, ""Whatever I have that would help you is Corban""' (that is, given to God); then you no longer permit him to do anything for his father or his mother, making void the word of God by your tradition which you have handed down. And you do many things like this."""
"Verse 11. He who says, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also says, ""Do not murder."" If you do not commit adultery but do commit murder, you have become a lawbreaker."
"Verse 11: For until now, this is what you should do: We ought to love one another."
"Verse 11. God said to the people, ""Truly, it will happen to them, they will fall, and be destroyed?""! They did not obey, so the people, the Gentiles, God had previously made able to deliver you. But did God desire for the people to become jealous of Himself, to receive for Himself?"
"Verse 11. Nor did I see any other creature on earth, but it had two horns like a lamb, and it spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11. And I also announce to you, people of the Gentiles, from all around the world, from east to west, will you sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where are those who will do so?"
"Verse. Nor do men put new wine into old wineskins, Jesus said, ""Thank you, God,"" then gave thanks and broke it. Finished, and the same. They all ate and were satisfied."
"Verse 11. It is well that there is rest, let us act so as to enter into it. But if we disobey, just like the Israelites did, then we will fall."
"Verse 11. Lo, our enemies say, ""We have overcome them,"" but we, we wilt not forget what happens to us, you know, we will rise up against you guys, and our work will be seen by thy hands."
"Verse 11. Has the testimony already been given: ""He who has the Son has eternal life; he who does not have the Son of God does not have life""?"
Verse 11: They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony; they did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Have I already been bereaved, has he become my son? My mourning clothes, have you already removed them? Instead, are you preparing festive clothes, which is the cause of joy?"
"Verse 11: In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ, having been buried with Him in baptism, during which you were also raised up with Him through faith in the working of God. For we are the true circumcision, who worship God in spirit, and glory in Christ Jesus, and put no confidence in the flesh."
"Verse 12. That one caused the Lord to say, ""Now I have seen that this people has a stubborn heart; they will not listen."" How can I give them up?"
"Verse 12: The beast's authority to rule was taken away, but their lives were prolonged for a season and a time."
"Verse 12: For the sake of the tempter, who attracts people to misery, patience is required, for God blesses. Has the living crown been accomplished, and will it be received? For previously, God has already been adored by the people who love Him."
"Verse 12: He said to them, ""My partners, I am perplexed. Tell me, and if you can interpret it for me, then I will give you thirty fine linen garments and thirty festal robes."""
"Verse 12: Then the detachment of soldiers, and their commander, and the officers of the Jews, seized Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12. And the fleshed meat was for the priests, moreover the animal was for their associates, Etam. The burrows were completely filled with beasts eating, and their burrows were completely filled, and they stole."
"Verse 12. Nor did any of the disciples ask him, ""Who are you?"" when he recently said, ""He who is without sin, is he one of the Pharisees?"" that you caused a question?"
"Verse 12. And they shall know thee that I will be with thee in the future, and this shall testify, and the babe that is to come shall be a sign unto them, for these babes are the ones."
"Verse 12: We toil, working with our hands; our hands are weary. Do you bless us? We receive abuse; do you show patience towards us?"
"Verse 13. These are the words which you shall speak to the children of Israel. You have seen what I did to the Egyptians, and how I bore you on eagles' wings, and brought you to myself. Now therefore, if you will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then you shall be a special treasure to me above all people; for all the earth is mine. And you shall be to me a kingdom of priests, and a holy nation. These are the words which you shall speak to the children of Israel. You shall not make for yourselves idols, nor any image of anything that is in the heavens above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: you shall not bow down to them, nor serve them, for I, Yahweh your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me, and showing loving kindness to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments.  However based on provided information  Verse 13. You came to Sinai, and you spoke, and you all said... You did what, which, and just also good legislation, commands well."
"Verse 13. Your life is an example to others, and they will be tempted to do the same as you. ... . ... . For you cannot have patience if God does not give it to you. When you are tempted, God will show you a way out, so that you can bear it with patience."
"Verse 13. When did you go to see your brothers, whom you are asking about?"
"Verse 13: A talebearer reveals secrets, but he who is trustworthy in spirit keeps a secret."
"Verse 13. Did the attendant run for it? What was he doing, was he running away? Was it true that he did not do so?"
"Verse 13. All the disciples, you who are followers of Christ,  twelve apostles."
"Verse 13: When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and sailed along Crete, close to the shore."
"Verse 13: Truly, you recall that it was because of infirmity that I preached the gospel to you at first."
"Verse 14. And the signs of the kingdom, how will it be? The tale concerning the woman, who goes ready. Who do you summon together? For you were here before, but now your money is being provided."
"Verse 14. But the people refused to listen to Samuel, and they said, ""No, we want a king to rule over us."""
"Verse 14. Is it truly to be eaten, for the people's growth? They have been trained to have the ability to discern, but however, between right and wrong,"
"Verse 14. Your greatest warriors will not escape, but will be healed and become weak, yes, the healed warriors will deliver themselves."
"Verse 14: Shall we live in peace with him? shall we be holy? We shall not be holy, for the Lord will not see us."
"Verse 14: Will God indeed receive this from my hand? Nonetheless, He told me to give it to Him."
"Verse 14: Shall he have joy, shall he be born?"
"Verse 14. Then it was announced and determined. The men, whom you previously knew, I, have guided around the mutiny. Have you already completed the test related to these? Are you innocent?"
"Verse 15. Even though Jesus had instructed them, did they not report about his authority that pervaded their region? Then, do they not hear your preaching? Do you want to be healed?"
"Verse 15. Now in the good room, you ordered Peter, John, and others: ""Discuss this matter among yourselves."""
"Verse 15. If the uncircumcised keeps the righteous deeds of the law, will not his uncircumcision be counted as circumcision? What is the benefit of circumcision? Suppose we, being Jews by nature and not sinners from among the Gentiles, have become new creations in Christ."
"Verse 15: The wicked are estranged from the womb; they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies. For the Lord is a God of judgment, and with thee is the balance to make it equal. The Lord preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy, for the Lord is good and his mercy endureth for ever, and the Lord helpeth them and delivereth them, he shall deliver them from the wicked and save them because they trust in him."
"Verse 15. Shall we dispatch, or what have you decided? We have done nothing that requires punishment or death."
"Verse 15: I no longer call you slaves, because a master doesn't confide in his slaves. Now you are my friends, since I have told you everything the Father told me."
"Verse 15. Thank you for the great and wonderful gift, it's so amazing that I just can't put it into words!"
"Verse 15. Folly is bound up in the heart of a child, but the rod of discipline will drive it far from him, and with such a woman, one loses all wisdom, for she tries every word, but her purpose is to destroy, however, you cannot act."
"Verse 15. What has our Lord done to us, or what is his name, by which you challenge us to proceed with honor? How is it that his people are in Egypt, and you have snatched them away with a mighty hand and a strong sign? What have we finished, or what sin have we committed, that we are completely filled with wickedness?"
"Verse 15. The Lord is in his holy temple, let all the earth be silent before him, and he will begin to build."
"Verse 15: They stayed there until the death of Herod. This was to fulfill what had been spoken by the Lord through the prophet: ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16: Well, my dear brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. And they were amazed, saying among themselves, ""What is this word, for with authority and power he commands the unclean spirits, and they come out?"" And the report of him went out into every place in the surrounding country, as well as, moreover, the people said, God has visited his people."
"Verse 16: For the Israelites, you shall give your attention to them."
"Verse 16: The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, I will call him 'my husband', and they will no longer call me 'my master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to him, ""First, Simon, who is called Peter,"""
"Verse 16. Your words were found, and I ate them, and your words became to me a joy and the delight of my heart, for I am called by your name, O Lord, God of hosts."
"Verse 16: The disciples went to the other side that night, to the shore, and Jesus' disciples were waiting for Him."
Verse 17: But he who is joined to the Lord becomes one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But if it is a case of brushing her hair or washing her face,"
"Verse 17: Jesus asked, ""I previously healed, didn't I?"" ... 9, whereabouts?"
"Verse 17: Now, these are my precious ones, and this is one more request. You have already instructed them to oppose divisions among people of faith, and warned them; you guys."
"Verse 17. And this became known to all, both Jews and Greeks, who lived at Ephesus; and fear fell upon them all and the name of the Lord Jesus was being magnified."
Verse 17: Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18: Does he not know that when an ox is walking, it should tread out the grain? He ought not to stop it. The places say, ""People who work deserve to get their wages!"""
"Verse 18: You have become like these, you will not be repeated by me."
"Verse 18: Shortly, will it be said, ""Can these things really be?"""
"Verse 18: The wicked becomes rich for a short time, however the gift of the righteous will continue."
Verse 19: Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19. I love the one who corrects me with discipline. So is it hard? Don't I care,"
"But the possessions of Mary are here, and a million things dwell on her."
"Verse 19: Jesus asked her, ""What is your husband's name?"" She replied, ""I don't have a husband."" Jesus said, ""You are right when you say you haven't got a husband."
"Verse 19: He who sees a dream becomes aware, and blessed is he who keeps himself, but the foolish will not turn back from his evil way."
"Verse 19. Who is it? . What are you doing up there on the roof, removing tiles? When they had finished, the paralyzed men were lowered down before Jesus."
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind will come against you, and it will be gone. Your idols and sacrifices will bring you shame."
"Chapter 2. Hear, you priests, and hearken, for Yahweh has a controversy with you!"
"30. Lord, what shall I render unto You, for You have delivered me? My enemies have refused to suffer, but You have overcome them for me."
"Chapter 6. He left that country and went to Nazareth, his hometown, and his disciples followed him."
"Chapter 2. My watchtower, I will go up to it and stand on my secure places. He will direct me to wait and see what the Lord will say to me, and how He will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter, is it from Paul? Is it from the Lord God who has prepared him, for he had already become a follower of Christ Jesus? I wrote to whom? To the holy people, to her, to the followers of Christ Jesus, to you guys, who are adherents of faith in Christ Jesus."
"Verse 1: This letter is from John, the elder. I am writing to Gaius, my dear friend, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20: Behold! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me."
"Verse 20: The words of the wise are like sterling silver, but the heart of a fool is worthless."
"Verse 20: For a day of the Lord is as a thousand years, a night of darkness without hope, yet a little while and the morning of hope."
"Verse 20: But are you not the same, why then do I treat you as one? For the Lord is one, and His Spirit has already come upon you; in fact, all of you know Him."
"Verse 20: ""Does our law judge a man without first giving him a hearing and learning what he does?"" They answered him, ""We have a law, and by that law he ought to die, because he has made himself the Son of God."" ...  However based on provided decomposition: Our leaders, the priests and elders, have come to the conclusion to condemn you to death. Why do you want to crucify him?"
"Verse: What happens when people finish dying, and what comes next, does God care? Where is the son, who are you?"
"Verse 21. For he has never sinned, but he was made to be an offering for our sins, so that we might become righteous through him, together with Christ Jesus."
"Verse:  ""Come!"" he said, ""Blessed are those who are invited to the wedding supper of the Lamb!"" Will you enter into the plan of my Father, God?"
"Verse 21: But when I begin again, if it is the will of God, and if I can get to you, I will come to you, or else send to you."
"Verse 17: For these rules are only about foods that perish with use, and they do not touch on matters of the heart, but rather, it all becomes worse."
"Verse 52. Do the Gentiles live as you do? He comes, moves, asks, and I say, ""Oh, how you are the son of David!"" How does your daughter dominate him? Are you oppressed?"
"Verse 22: Then Paul preached, becoming more prominent, and the Jews in Damascus plotted against him, but he surely is the Christ, for certain; a Messiah, comma, however the Hebrews from Syria cannot silence you who are wrong."
"Verse 7: Shall I not in a short time pour out upon it a period of revenge, says the word of the prophecies, and will it not become complete?"
"Verse: He replied, ""I don't know"", and I said, ""I don't understand"", I finished."
"Verse 22: Whatever they do, they will do. They will surely listen to her and finish and come."
"Verse 23: He who is faithful in what is least is faithful also in much; and he who is unjust in what is least is unjust also in much. If you have not been faithful in what is another man's, who will give you what is your own? Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23: Wisdom is with the modest, but the lips of fools proclaim folly."
"Verse 23: But what is most crucial, who are you? and what are you doing, for this is most crucial, who you are."
Verse 23: Nor did Jesus get into a boat with his disciples to set sail.
"Verse 23. But do you know what will happen? Did he prepare it before? Will it occur to Jesus, who is known to be betrayed? It is against the law to help, and you, who are assisting, will you...?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because he has been mindful of me."
"Verse 24. I called, and you did not come, but they reached you, and you did not answer."
"Verse 24: For I also am a man under authority, having soldiers under me; and I say to this one, 'Go,' and he goes, and to another, 'Come,' and he comes."
"Verse 24. And the word of the Lord continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased significantly, with many new believers being added."
Verse 24: Let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds.
"Verse 24. Matthat, and Matthat's father was Levi. Levi's father was Melki, and Melki's father was Jannai, and Jannai's father was Joseph."
"Verse 25. But Jesus told her, ""Did I not say to you that if you would believe you would see the glory of God?"" Therefore, do those who are living want to be changed? Does he who exists have nothing? Can she change? Is it her existence?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers souls, but a false witness utters lies."
"Verse 25: Now about eating food sacrificed to idols, we have written to you in our letter, shouldn't you act on the things we told you?  Is it suggested that idols prompt you to eat, or drink blood, or eat flesh of animals that have been sacrificed, or engage in sexual sin?"
"Verse 25. Now the people were in a half-drunken state, and they kept demanding, ""Bring out Samson to entertain us!"" So they called Samson out of the prison, and he performed for them. When they stood him among the pillars, they said to him, ""Samson, entertain us!"""
"Verse 26: If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you? As for the one whom you mention, if I want him to wait till I come, that is my business; but as for you, you must follow me, and your parents, and your family, and your friends, yes, even those on your left side will live. If not, then let him become as I am."
"Verse 26. And he said to them again, ""You guys, are you men of Israel, fighting? Do you see? He tried to make peace. Saying, ""You are brothers, why do you fight each other?"""
"Verse 26: Furthermore, I know that you, Agrippa, are familiar with these things. I speak boldly, for I am sure that these events have occurred among you; don't they? You know they did!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The Kingdom of God is like a farmer who plants seed."
"Verse 26: We do not know what to pray for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groans that words cannot express."
"Verse 26: Well, the thing which you say before the people, but you do not do, you fail to practice, instead their ears you have, and you amaze them, and they become silent."
"Verse 26. But when he arrived, and was about to join the assembly of believers, they were all afraid of him, don't you believe that he has certainly become a believer!"
"Verse 26. The army listened, and as you went to the official, he asked, ""Do you?"" A certain Roman woman, a citizen, exclaimed!"
"Verse 27: Do you think you will go ahead and meet the Ethiopian eunuch? Who is a powerful man under Kandake, the queen of Ethiopia. Has he come to Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27: What was the purpose, that he intended to finish? Was it not, that he who completes, does not dis...?"
"Verse 28. The king answered and said, ""Is it true, O God, that you have revealed to me the things that shall come to pass? For certain, you have already testified of King Nebuchadnezzar the things that will happen. Their dreams, during that time, you were sleeping, I was watching."""
"Verse 28: Have I had five loaves? He desires to warn these, that they do not come into these terrible places of suffering."
"Verse 2. For Mordecai was great in the king's sight, and his fame spread throughout all the provinces of the kingdom, as he had done this great work; also the king promoted him, and all this was written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2: May our Lord Jesus Christ himself and God our Father, who loved us and by his grace gave us eternal comfort and a wonderful hope,"
"Verse 2: And you know that Aquila, a Jew born in Pontus, had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla, because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome."
"Verse 2: Well, you began to teach them."
"Verse 2: Or a poor widow came, and she threw in two small copper coins."
"Verse 2. My father has many rooms; if that were not so, would I have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you?"
"Verse 2. They say, ""The Lord will not deliver him into the hand of men, never!"""
"Verse 2: Where does my help come from? He, God, made heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2: But in a little while, the time came for the Hebrew festival of the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2. Who are you that you are inside, among the people of God, and who do you honor? You should, what is your reason, for many persons, unless I am the one."
"Verse 31: But even though my father demands it from me, what actions will I take? The world will know that I adore my father. We depart."
"Verse 31. And the elders led me where the wall was at its peak, and two large choirs were established to thank God. One choir proceeded in the direction opposite of north on top of the wall toward the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32: But the time is coming, and has come, when you will be scattered, each to his own home, and you will leave me alone; yet I am not alone, for the Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery is revealed, but what does it mean that Christ suffered for the Church?"
Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the people as much as they could understand.
"Verse 34. And Jesus healed many people of various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: Who are you, and what do you have to do with the law, that you give orders?"
"Verse 73: They began to say to him, ""You are the Nazarene."""
"Verse 83: But when the son came, the farmers said to each other, ""This is around her,"" and she... , will ...? ... , may ...? ... receive for us!"
"Verse 83: Is this the Isaiah who signed, ""Here is the definitive prophecy of Isaiah""? Has his prophecy been completed? ..., and has he finished informing?, and does he believe? ... . For God has a strong arm, but has God finished?, and does He ask?"
"Verse 93: If the master of the house had known in what watch the thief was coming, he would have watched and would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93: Does Jesus say to the world, ""I have come to judge it""? or does he say, ""I have come to heal it""? Does he view everyone as blind, and then do you guys not see? Are you guys blind?"
"Verse 93: Then Philip went out, and the Spirit of the Lord caught him away. They did not see him again, but they went on to celebrate the festivals."
"Verse 3: But, brethren, I have sent you a letter, are you now prepared? Until now, have I been telling you this? Moreover, their money has all been spent. My boast about you, I do not want to be proven wrong."
"Verse 3: And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand."
"Verse 3: By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, except they be agreed?"
"Verse 3: Is it good for me to beg of the Lord? I prayed and fasted. After all, will I wear coarse garments like burlap and put on ashes?"
"Verse 3: If they ask you, ""What shall we do?"", then tell them, 'The Lord says: ""Those who are for war should bring..."", should they bring...?'"
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Was it not Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples? Satan entered into her,"
"Verse 3: Is it well that you take from the house of the Lord, in Jerusalem, the cups to drink from, which are yours, your wives', and your sons' and daughters'?"
"Verse 3. For the sign that will be given to you at that time, when the law of the Lord your God is in your hands, you will know, and you will continue. When this is accomplished, three more things will happen because of your sinning against God; you will admit, and you will worship the Lord your God."
"Verse 3: The Lord is your trust, is He not? If you are well, is it not He who does well to you? But if you do not do well, is sin not at the door, and will you thrive?"
"Verse 40. Oh! Prophets of the word have suffered towards you! Saying,"
"Verse 40: But as for him who sits at my right hand, I do not know him. He has prepared a place for the people of God, and it is already finished."
"Verse 42. And it spread around the town, and many believed in the Lord."
"Verse 42. He commanded us to preach to the people, and to testify that this is he who was ordained by God to be the Judge of the living and the dead."
"Verse 42. Nor do you look at the appearance, but she happened to be on their left side as they entered the kingdom, and I"
"Verse 42. Nor did Jesus ask him, ""Who are you?"" for he already knew what was in his heart. The stone which the builders rejected has become the cornerstone. This is the Lord's doing; it is marvelous in our eyes?"
"Verse. Then the dishonest soul says, ""I have already left,"" and goes again in the future. So he goes again, to where? The place is now bare, sweeps previously."
"Verse 8. I will crush them to dust, and their children with them. Will their enemies have no remainder or rock in their places? For they did not obtain the opportunity to deliver you, these were not accepted."
"Verse 54: Thus says the Lord, ""I am telling you the truth, do not disbelieve me!"""
"Verse 54. Then the spirit came to him, and said to another, ""Are you worse than others? Are all your deeds known within? So that person is more corrupt. This corruption will be experienced."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer her, I will destroy her, I will behead her. Her women will die, their corpses I will give to all the birds and beasts, that all may know that the Lord has done this in Israel!"
"Verse 64: For who has known the mind of the Lord, or who has been his counselor? Has anyone given to God, that God should repay him? For from him and through him and to him are all things. To him be the glory forever! Amen."
"Verse 74: Which of us can imitate, and say, moreover, what is this, also?"
"Verse 84. But Jesus said, ""How then do the Scriptures say that the Christ would suffer and rise from the dead on the third day, and that repentance and forgiveness of sins will be preached in his name to all nations, beginning at Jerusalem, and you will be my witnesses, but the Son of Man will be betrayed into the hands of men."
"Verse 84. Shall the king do thus, said Daniel, in the high places? hath he given thee many and rich gifts, hast thou made him ruler over all thy women, and dost thou set him over them to be their boss?"
"Verse 4. If you become famous, what a great event it will be! If wonderful things are yours, can you keep them? Then what will happen to you? What will you do, and who will help yourself?"
"Verse 4: Let us allow them to grow well, for in doing so their patience will be fully developed, and then you will be perfect and complete, needing nothing."
"Verse 4. They are filled with joy in your presence. I say, ""How great is your joy!"""
"Verse 4. But my precious children, you, according to what? . You guys, you guys, what is it that you have, what is it that you are, can you conquer? Why, for what reason, because the spirit lives inside you guys, the spirit lives inside the earth, who is it that? What is it that is?."
"Verse 4: Is God the God of Jews only? Is he not the God of Gentiles also? Yes, of Gentiles also, since God is one—who will justify the circumcised by faith and the uncircumcised through faith. But if our unrighteousness serves to show the righteousness of God, what shall we say? That God is unrighteous to inflict wrath on us? (I speak in a human way.)"
"Verse 4. What addition does it make, a portion of you who have already given? but he, you, he, you, all that he has, he gives."
"Verse 50. I know that God commands and leads, does He not? Is He living? Even though my father told me, saying, I say."
"Verse 51: Did you arrive when Jesus suffered only with those whom Peter, John, James, and the child of the parents?"
"Verse 53. You would not arrest me in the temple, would you? I am there. But this is your hour, and the power of darkness."
"Verse 54: Nor shall our bodies be changed to corpses, nor shall we ever die, here: He that hath, wilt: Death is swallowed up in victory."
"Verse 58: So, did you do only a few miracles, and that's why they don't believe?"
"Verse 5: What then? Are they better than we? No, inasmuch as they were unbelievers, and God has graciously selected what is foolish in the world, and God has chosen what is weak in the world."
"Verse 5. He stood before God, Mount Sinai was shaking, the hills were trembling, and the earth quaked before him, so that the people were ruined."
"Verse 5. Then Jesus went to the centurion's house, and seeing the officers and a large crowd, he was amazed, and said to him, ""Lord, do not trouble yourself, for I am not worthy to have you come under my roof."
"Verse 5: Do we try to flatter people? Are you thinking that we are trying to win you over? Our witness is before God, and we aren't trying to be mistake-free just to become their friends and get their money!"
"Verse 5: For it is not possible for the pride to cease, and people know that it obstructs us and destroys. Does a thought of insurrection arise in us? Shall we be taught to submit to Christ?"
"Verse 5: But although we could have made demands as apostles of Christ, we did not. Not for a minute. For we wanted to present the gospel to you, and not ourselves, so that you might keep it for them."
"Verse 76: Or was it not the child of Zerubbabel's parents, and did he not fulfill the prophecy, saying?"
"Verse 6: Since we are God's children, doesn't it follow that we are His heirs, and that God's Spirit has been sent into our hearts to remind us of this, and to help us remember that we are His children?"
"Verse 6. Oh, my prayer, I see your prayer all night and all day for your people Israel. I admit we have sinned against you. Myself and my family, oh, our sin!"
"Verse 6: But since we were discouraged, how could we encourage you? was changed to:  Verse 6: Now when we were discouraged, God encouraged us, and how can we encourage you?"
"Verse 6. Now at the festival of the Passover, it was the governor's custom to release one prisoner for the people to choose, and they would ask for a prisoner to be released."
"Verse 6: Simon, do you see this woman? I entered into your house, you gave me no water for my feet, but she has wet my feet with her tears and wiped them with the hair of her head."
"Verse 6: We are always confident, knowing that while we are at home in the body, we are away from the Lord."
"Verse 6: I cried out to him with my mouth, and his praise was on my tongue. He heard the voice of my prayers, and God delivered me."
"Verse 6: Nor did Jesus spit on the ground and make clay of the spittle and anoint the eyes of the blind man with the clay, saying to her..."
"Verse 6. We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body of sin might be rendered powerless, that we should no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6. I also pray that you will have the power to understand how broad and long and high and deep is the love of Christ, and to know all his goodness that we have in him."
Verse 73. God promised our ancestor Abraham.
"Verse 7. Oh, heavens with fog, will you come? Will God wilt? Yes, folks, will you wilt? The world and nations will grieve for God. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7: Yet if it is true that I have spoken, and God has spoken, where is His glorious presence, and how can God be with you?"
"Verse 7. We know that we are of God, and the whole world lies in the power of the evil one, and we know that the Son of God has come and has given us understanding so that we may know Him who is true; and we are in Him who is true, in His Son Jesus Christ."
"Verse 7: Then he told the keeper of the vineyard, 'For three years now I have been coming to look for fruit on this fig tree, and still I haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?'"
"Verse 7. And the people came to dinner, and they were sitting near the front seats of honour; did Jesus notice that you all wanted to sit in every important place?"
"Verse 7: Now my sons, listen to me, and whatever I do, don't turn away:"
"Verse 7: Are thorns and thistles likely to sprout from fertile ground, or does the gentle plant produce choke plants? Does the seed yield grain?"
"Verse 7: You will never be able to, myself will never be able to! You are here, I will never be able to!"
"Verse 7. Also, he does not say, ""and died,"" and who will go to them? They will once more live."
"Verse 7: If you walk in my statutes and keep my commandments, you shall love them and observe to do them, and I will be your God and you will be my people, says the Lord your Rabbi."
"Verse 8: Are your servants ready, have I previously invited you, and you did not come?"
"Verse 8. And Paul, having stayed for three months, preached boldly and argued persuasively about the kingdom of God."
"Verse 8: And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night."
"Verse 8. For the men were still few in number, and the indigenous people still possessed it, but they did not value God."
"Verse 8: With much difficulty we sailed across to the haven of Lasea, close to the city."
"Verse 8. If we assume that encouraging the rest to give is a good thing, then let's encourage them to do so. If we assume that giving is a big thing, then it's a large undertaking. If we assume that God has already given us the ability to do something, then we have a responsibility to use it. When we use our gifts to help others, they are happy."
"Verse 8. Beware of the prostitute, who is like a hidden pit, and beware of the promiscuous woman, who lurks at every corner, and walks slowly, passing by her house on your left."
"Verse 9: I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer from the blasphemy of those who claim to be Jews but are not, because they are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: As they were coming down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen, until after the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: Do they not work for the one who blesses them, and are they not blessed if they have children?"
"Verse 9: That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, saying, None have seen, none have heard, neither has it entered into the heart of man, the things which God has prepared for them that love him."
"Verse 9: Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Don't you want to go back to the world, which is useless to the soul, and become a slave to worthless principles again?"
Verse 9. None refused to help me. Who are you that I should be your helper? You are my aid. Have you left me now? Will you abandon me? You're my deliverer!
"Verse 9: Do you lie to one another? Your former sins are native, every one of you acts wickedly, and you toss everyone aside to finish."
"Verse 9: To me belongs half of the people, every generation, language, nation, and flesh, and they will look. These have suffered and been buried."
"Verse 9: My prayer is not for the world, but for those you have given me, because they belong to you."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife, except for immorality, and marries another, commits adultery; and he who marries a divorced woman commits adultery."
"Verse 9. For I am the Lord your God, and I will not let my holy name be profaned. I will show myself holy among you; I will not destroy Israel utterly, for why should the nations say, ""Where is their God?"" But I will be with you, and I will be your God, and you will be my people, and I will not come to destroy you."
"Verse 9: Whoever has ears to hear, let them hear and understand."
"Verse 9: Does she favor widows, being a widow herself, who is at least sixty years old, having been the wife of one husband?"
"Verse 9: Do people look like that? Yes! Does a person's appearance, , , have a strong mouth! But the beggar continues saying, , I am the same ! Yes!"
We are people. We are from the earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we may not perish?"
"And the Lord God made garments of skin for Adam and for his wife, and clothed them. The Lord God made tunics of skin, and clothed them."
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, ""To your children will I give this land"", and there he built an altar to the Lord who appeared to him."
"And the Lord appeared unto her the same night, and said, ""I am the God of your father Abraham; do not be afraid, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"See, I have set before you this day life and good, and death and evil; I am he, hear:  becomes  I see the things, and I hear, and I am he who listens."
"Verse 13: And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
And God separated the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
"For God knows that in the day you eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to get, then to fight, and many persons that are more delivered."
"After all, sin destroys the learner and the lips that spoke about the actions."
"That which shall happen when he sees that the experience is certainly not with us, that you will die: and your servants will bring down the grey hair of your servant our father with anguish to the tomb."
"The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
