"For the individual and for the relatives of the Lord. For the category. Our secure location is God, He is our healer, in troubles He is our refuge."
"He who leaves his parents, and despises their instruction, is stupid, but he who considers wisdom is right."
"Suppose you do well, then you will be left to inherit the earth for your grandchildren, and the beloved of the wicked will be cut off."
"Will anxious men come against them, or will anxious people be struck?"
"He assumes that knowledge is what people have when he leaves, and it destroys them."
"And Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth,"
"Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ, who was baptized in the Jordan River by John to fulfill all righteousness for Israel. He lives forevermore."
"Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the family of the poor, were left; did they hate their friends on the left side from far away?  They chases to speak, but they do not come."
Deaf education makes it possible to teach these deaf individuals. They should recognize the same language that spreads throughout their community. This will lead to a successful future.
"There is a fire, suppose you add more wood than charcoal, the fire becomes bigger. It's the same if there are people who stir up trouble, it will become terrible, because you do not have peace."
"The door, and that is similar to a lazy person who stays in bed,  ."
"Upon the children, must they be punished, but although people are opposed, punishment will be large."
My voice is intertwined with my son.
"I am gentle, so that I do not murder. I am soft. To me, I am nothing but me. A hundredth: it destroys fruit. You are hers. Remember to recall nothing."
"But I thought to myself, ""When it goes well for him, he will remember me and show me kindness, and I will speak to him on your behalf, for I am owned by Pharaoh, and I will bring you out of his house."""
The feline she was whitish.
"The Paris school for the deaf today, however, now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school for the deaf at Paris on the Rue? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Do you believe! Suppose she believes,  help me, I certainly need help, assist me!"
"However, the rocket failed. We must maintain the missile system at its best, most of which Elon Musk ought to have done."
"What is it, but you are speaking against many things? Who is opposed to whom, the majority of deaf people who isolate themselves? However,  deaf people who are about not being able to hear, do they feel something? I understand."
"And you said, ""We have suffered because of our transportation, and we have gone, and I will go before him who was there."""
"And Esau took his wives and his sons and his daughters and all the persons of his household and his cattle and all his beasts and all his possessions which he had acquired in the land of Canaan, and he went to a land away from his brother Jacob."
John 6:63.
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him, nor do I inform you of this as a Christian, but concerning the death, that class of people have a plan, also, together with Jesus."
"For my part, I will not leave without transportation to go a long distance."
John 5:20.
John 1:16.
"Then you will go and meet these two at the gate, in accordance with the law. The husband of the daughter. Lot said, ""Here, leave the city, for why does God destroy it?"" But those two listened to Lot's jokes."
"And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Happy birthday.
The harvest was gathered.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""Jacob has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And her eyes and gaze, and look, saw three women near her: and when she saw them, she ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
John 3:30.
"And you woke up that night, and received your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed over the stream of Jabbok, where there was little water."
"The disciples asked him continually up to now, that which time he believes, and they asked, ""What is it that you ask?"" The disciple replied, ""Not yet, for we have no perception of what you are asking."""
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29
"What was the reason, . Was it something or someone?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"Your brother and your mother have said, ""Let her stay with us a few days, at least ten, then she may go."""
"And I say unto my authorities, ""If the woman will not follow me."""
"The sentence cannot be accurately reconstructed due to the presence of multiple unknown elements (<unk>). However, based on the structure provided: Hear the school, , , . . , , , , , . A possible interpretation, considering the context might be about listening or paying attention to an educational institution, could be: Hear the school's message, and consider it carefully. The students, teachers, and staff all work together diligently every day. Please note, this is a highly speculative reconstruction due to the lack of specific information in the original prompt."
"John 5:34,"
"And also, moreover, of him, the son of the bondwoman, will I make a nation, because he is your seed."
"Attention, be familiar with the terrible judgment of His coming. First, I, the Lord God, will send the prophet Elijah before that day."
"Assume you have knowledge, but the privileges that come with it, although assume you don't, you will suffer alone."
John 1:4.
John 1:1.
"Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin."
"And it came to pass, as she was coming, that her hand was taken by the midwife, and behold, his brother came out first; then she said, ""How did you break through?"" So his name was called Perez."
"When the Lord destroyed the cities of the surrounding area, He remembered Abraham and sent Lot out of the midst of the destruction, when God destroyed the cities where Lot lived."
"It happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."
"And it happened, when they had finished eating the grain which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said to them, ""Go back and buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, the life in the corner of a house with peace, a big house with a spouse who fights?"
"The Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel, for they said, ""I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."""
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well don't need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, since they don't know what they are doing."" Next, the soldiers divided his clothes among themselves by casting lots. How can it be determined who wrote this, and put it inside a jar, and how did the original get out?"
John 5:19.
"Jokshan was the father of Sheba, and Dedan. The sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father, and the physicians embalmed Israel."
"Laban said, ""You are indeed my bone and flesh."" And you stayed with her for a month."
"Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between me and you this day."" Therefore the name of it was called Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you have fallen into a snare, while I escaped."
"He suffered as a result of your sins, and also that you may enjoy the blessing of God, which He has given to you."
Change mine.
John 1:94.
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age, and he made him a coat of many colors."
"Now the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now, the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, therefore, take, I pray you, your sword, and your quiver, and your bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Psalm 95:6, Come, let us worship and bow down."
Picasso has same artwork practice.
"They will not be taught to desire silver, which is better than California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"Now I have two daughters who have not known any man; let me bring them out to you, and you can do to them as you like. Only do nothing to these men, for they have come under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. Their road changed, changed, and they realized their left."
"Shem lived after the birth of Arphaxad five hundred years, and had sons and daughters."
"That he knows that hell and the grave are never to be filled, similar to what has been previously related to folks, never."
"And the evening and the morning were the fifth day, according to the books."
"What? .  .  . Who, what, when, where, why? . , and that."
It seems like there are many unknown terms. Could you provide the actual decomposition with the terms and their interpretations? I'll be happy to help reconstruct the sentence for you.
"Assume the person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to make a pledge or give a down payment of money or anything."
Thank you for coming to instruct in written signals.
"the city,"
"The women were wondering at what you told, not knowing whether the Lord had made his journey successful or not."
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."""
John 7:20.
"Chapter 9. This ministry of giving to the believers in Jerusalem, I truly need to write to you about."
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And her servant ran to meet her, and said, I have suffered much; pray ye, drink a little water of your poured out hand."
"And the waters prevailed upon the earth, and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered."
"And the water calmed down from the earth, and after that, 50 days, the water was seen."
"And he said to his household and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you and purify yourselves and change your garments."
"And you both had dreams, each woman having a dream in one night, and each woman having a dream to interpret the meaning of her dream, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And they gave unto the descendants of Abraham all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and the descendants of Abraham hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
John 2:11.
"Verse 1: Saying, ""There is no one who is righteous, not even one."
"Verse 1: What shall we do, for this is a crucial matter? Then the hostess on their left saw and went to say, ""You have better places than we do! Then you had honor above all the other guests."""
"Verse: This is a good thing. Because the angels watch, and since men need to have their heads covered as a sign that they are under authority."
"Verse 10. My prophets, I have sent them to you, warning you with many dreams,"
"Verse  good. They were, , , , Libya, , Cyrene, from Rome, Hebrews, Jews, both, ,  Note: The sentence is reconstructed based on the provided information, but it appears to be incomplete or corrupted due to the presence of ""<unk>"" tokens, which likely indicate missing or unknown words. A possible reconstruction could be: Verse good. They were from Libya, Cyrene, from Rome, Hebrews and Jews, both,  Please note that this is a tentative reconstruction, and the actual sentence may differ depending on the context and the missing information."
"Verse 10. But the angel said, ""Don't be afraid! I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people."
"Verse: Blessed, yes, blessed is the man who fears the Lord, who greatly delights in His commandments. His descendants will be mighty on earth; the generation of the upright will be blessed. The Lord has been mindful of us; He will bless us; He will bless the house of Israel; He will bless the house of Aaron."
"Verse 1. Nor did the government, Paul proceeded to speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged this occupation of the Hebrews, and I am happy to block it, I suggest this to you prior."""
Verse 1: Is it not good if you conquer evil? Your class has no plague nearby.
"Verse 10: But I am not talking about the unbelievers who do bewildering sin, then are greedy, cheat people, act like idol worship. As that stays, how can you avoid it? Should we depart from the earth?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, your neighbors and your relatives, you need to instruct,  the Lord knows. For who is there that is as important,  that the Lord will be aware of him in the future?"
"Verse 11: Now we have a high priest who has gone through the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, to whom our confession is made. For it is only right that we should have a high priest who is greater, more excellent than the heavens, the one who has entered the heavenly sanctuary for us, a minister in the true sanctuary set up by the Lord and not by human hands, not a part of this creation."
"Verse 11. Now, things you should have initiated. Are you enthusiastic? Now you are giving, let the enthusiasm be the same. How is the giving related to what you have?"
"Verse 11. But you say, 'If a man says to his father or mother, ""Whatever profit you might have received from me is Corban""' (that is, a gift to God), I can't help him. What you will be is presenting to him, and I will complete the covenant, presenting it as a gift."
"Verse 11. He who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not murder."" If you do not commit adultery but do commit murder, you have become a lawbreaker."
"Verse 11: For until now, you have heard; but now I say to you, we should love one another."
"Verse 11. God, the Lord of the people, truly says to them, ""You will fall and be destroyed."" Won't they obey? So the people, the Gentiles, have already been delivered by God, who has made it possible for you. But although God desires that His people become jealous, will He receive it for Himself?"
"Verse 11. Nor did I see any other creature on earth, but it had two horns like a lamb, and it spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11: And I also announce to you that the Gentiles will come from east and west, and will sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where are you?"
"Verse. Nor do men put new wine into old wineskins, or else the wineskins break, Jesus said, ""Thank you God"", then give generously. Finished, and lo, it was the same. And they were satisfied with the people."
"Verse 11. Well, that rest, let us strive to enter. But if we disobey, just as the Israelites disobeyed, then we will fall."
"Verse 11. And our enemies said, ""They will not know or see till we come among them and kill them and stop their work."""
"Verse 11. Has the testimony already been given? This is eternal life, that they should know you, the only true God, and him whom you have sent, even Jesus Christ."
Verse 11. They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony; they did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Have I become your men's keeper, or have they? My mourning clothes, have you already removed them? Instead, you are feasting, what joy is this?"
"Verse 11. In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of flesh by the circumcision of Christ, having been buried with Him in baptism, during which you were also raised up with Him through faith in the working of God, who raised Him from the dead. And even though you were dead in your transgressions and in the uncircumcision of your flesh, He made you alive together with Him, having forgiven us all our transgressions."
"Verse 12. The Lord said, ""Now I have seen that they have begun to act corruptly, for I see the imaginations of their hearts. How can it be? Shall I go and behold, and shall I not see?"""
"Verse 12. The three beasts had their authority taken away, but they were allowed to live for a longer period of time."
"Verse 12: For the sake of misery, and to attract people to patient suffering, He blesses. Has the living crown been accomplished, and received? For previously, God had already been loved by the people."
"Verse 12. He says to you, ""My associates, I am baffled, I tell you. We celebrate, but I am perplexed. If you can interpret, then I will give you thirty fine linen cloaks and thirty fine garments."""
"Verse 12. Thus the band of soldiers, and their captain, and the officers of the Jews, seized Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12. And the flesh of the animals was for the people, moreover, the animal was for the partners, even as far as Etam. The pits were filled with beasts, and the beasts ate, and their pits were filled, and they plundered."
"Verse 12: Or did the disciple not ask, ""Who is it that you have just been talking to?"" since the disciples knew he was speaking of the Pharisees?"
"Verse 12. You will recognize them by their fruits, this will testify, the future will show, for an infant does not produce thorns, and a babbler will be found there among babes."
"Verse 12: We toil, working with our own hands. Are we blessed when you curse us? We patiently endure it."
"Verse 13. The name of the mountain was Sinai, and you arrived there, and God spoke to you, saying: You have seen what I did to the Egyptians, and how I bore you on eagles' wings, and brought you to myself. Now therefore, if you will indeed obey my voice and keep my covenant, you shall be my treasured possession among all peoples, for all the earth is mine, and you shall be to me a kingdom of priests and a holy nation, for this is what I have commanded, and it is good."
"Verse 13. Your life is an example to others, and they are attracted by the same experiences that you have known. ... ... . No one can have patience without suffering, and God did not suffer. When temptations occur, God reveals a way out, so that you can be patient."
"Verse 13. When will you go to your brothers, whom you hate? Shall I send them to you, or where are they?"
"Verse 13. One who goes to many places tells a secret, but a trustworthy person keeps a confidence."
"Verse 13. Did the servant run to meet them? But where was he going, and what was his purpose? Was it not true that he did not know?"
"Verse 13. And all your disciples, you who, , comma,  twelve, . , comma,"
"Verse 13. When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and sailed along the coast of Crete. But soon a violent wind, called the northeaster, came from the island, did you run the ships to the shore of Crete?"
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall that it was because of a bodily illness that I preached the gospel to you at first."
"Verse 14. And the woman said, ""How can this be, since I am a widow?"" Now the servant had been ready to go, but the woman said, ""Who summoned you? For my master has gone, and I have already given them their wages."""
"Verse 14. But who are you, and why do you say that the people should send us away? We do not want you to be our king."
"Verse 14: Is it true that to eat and grow one needs trained capability to discern, but however between right and wrong?"
"Verse 14. Your greatest warriors will not escape, but will be crippled. The warriors you counted on to save you will become weak, yes, they will be crippled, and the fighters will deliver themselves."
"Verse 14. Shall we live in peace with him who is not like us, shall we live a holy life with one who is not holy? You are not holy, Lord; we shall not see you."
"Verse 14: God asks me, ""Will I receive anything from your hand?"" Anyway, He tells me."
Verse 14. Will she have great joy when a child is born?
"Verse 14. Then it was decided. The men had already determined that I, who was guiding the insurrection, would be the one to lead. Had you already completed the test related to these things? Are you innocent?"
"Verse 15: Even though Jesus had instructed them, they still didn't understand how his power permeated everything. Then, would they be able to hear his preaching? Will you listen? You want to be cured?"
"Verse 15. It is good that the three of you, Peter, John, and James, should decree, but what did they discuss among themselves?"
"Verse 15: If the uncircumcised, and if the circumcised, what is that to me? Suppose we become new creations, does that make any difference?"
"Verse 15. The wicked borrow and do not repay, but the righteous show mercy and are generous. Surely the righteous will inherit the land, for they will be blessed by the Lord. The Lord watches over the armed forces, showing compassion to his people who remain."
"Verse 15. What has he decided, will he send us? We have already done nothing that requires the death penalty."
"Verse 15. I do not call you slaves, but friends, because I have told you everything that I heard from my Father."
"Verse 15: Thank you, for the great and wonderful gift in this place, it's something that cannot be described with words!"
"Verse 15. I, wisdom, stretch out my words, and I make plans, but you cannot understand."
"Verse 15. Our names are what you have completed, will you proceed to honor? How your people in Egypt grabbed with great signs of strength. We have finished transgressing, we are filled with evil."
"Verse 15. The Lord is in his holy temple, beneath you; let them begin to construct, and it will happen to you."
"Verse 15. They stayed there until Herod died, for that is what the Lord had said through the prophet: ""I called my son out of Egypt."""
"Verse 16. Well, my precious brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. And great fear came upon them, did they not bring glory to God, saying, ""A great prophet has risen up among us"", and ""God has visited his people""?"
"Verse 16. Obey the voice of Israel, you people, and pay attention to their words."
"Verse 16. The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, you will call me 'my Husband', and no longer 'my Master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to him, ""First, Simon, who is called Peter,"""
"Verse 16. She is filled with pleasure, joyful, and owns honour."
"Verse 16. That night, the disciples were on the shore of the water, waiting for Jesus."
Verse 17. But the person who is united with the Lord is one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But it so happened, that she had a comb to comb her hair, and washed her face."
"Verse 17. Jesus asked, ""I previously healed, didn't I?"" ... 9, whereabouts?"
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious ones, and I have one more request. You have already been instructed in the opposite, which causes divisions among people of faith, and I warn you. You guys."
"Verse 17. The thing was not done in a corner, but immediately spread around Ephesus, both among Jews and Greeks. The city was filled with the fear of the Lord Jesus Christ, and His name became greatly honored."
Verse 17: Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish for three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. Doesn't he say, ""When an ox is walking, should it not be given grain to eat?"" If so, shouldn't the worker be paid for their labor? The places say, ""The people who are working deserve to receive their wages!"""
"Verse 18. You are not considering me, but I am not like that, for you are these."
"Verse 18. Soon, will it be asked, is this astonishing thing to be believed?"
"Verse 18: The wicked borrows, and pays not again, but the righteous shows mercy, and gives."
Verse 19: Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19. I love discipline, I correct myself. So why is it so hard? I don't care, ... , comma."
"But the possessions of Mary were here, and a million dwelt on her."
"Verse 19: Jesus asked her, ""What is your husband's name?"" She said, ""I don't have a husband."" Jesus said, ""You are right when you say you haven't got a husband."
"Verse 19. He who sees a dream becomes pleased, but the foolish will not turn away from evil that he has received."
"Verse 19. What is this? Do you see the roof above, where the tiles have been removed? When they had finished, the paralyzed men were lowered down before Jesus,"
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind will come, and you will be gone. Your idol sacrifices will cause you to be shamed."
"Chapter 2. You priests, decree this to them!"
"Thirty. Lord, are you exalted? Why, since you have already delivered me? My enemies, you refuses to let them suffer, but you have conquered me."
"Chapter 6. And He left Nazareth, their hometown, and came again with His disciples to the town."
"Chapter 2. My watchtower, I will go up to it and stand on my secure place, for I will wait to see what He will say to me, and how He will answer my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter, from Paul, an apostle of God, prepared by God, who had already become a follower of Jesus Christ, to the holy people, written to those whom I consider to be holy, you, whose faith and conviction as followers of Jesus Christ, are evident."
"Verse 1: This letter is from John, the elder. I am writing to Gaius, my dear friend, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20: Behold! Knock! If you hear my voice, open the door, shall I come in and we share a meal together like friends?"
"Verse 20: The words of the foolish are like silver, but the heart of the wise is worth more than sterling silver."
"Verse 20. Yes, the day of our Lord is darkness, and not light, a time of gloom with no brightness in it, yet even in that, there is a little joy, then comes hope."
"Verse 20: But are you not like God? Why, then, do you ask one another about the holy One and seek counsel from him who already knows you? Actually, all of you are familiar."
"Verse 20. What testimony do your priests, elders, and leaders have against me that they intend to condemn me to death? Should you crucify him?"
"Verse: If people die, shall they live again? For I would wait all the days of my appointed time, until my change comes."
"Verse 21: For he has made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."
"Verse 31. Then Jesus said, ""Come on!, Come on!, How can you do the deeds of your father, you guys? He who is doing sin is of the devil, comma, for the devil has been sinning from the beginning, truly the actions of my Father God plan, will you enter?"
"Verse 21: But when I depart, I will send him to you. And when he has come, if he finds fault in anything, I will also hear of it. Or did I, Paul, plan to do something when I was with you, and did I vacillate about my travel plans, so that you could not rely on my intentions?"
"Verse 17. This rule is only for the flesh, teaching us about earthly things, but we are of the spirit, and it becomes worse."
"Verse 41. Do the Gentiles live this way? Do you come, move, ask, saying to me, ""Oh, I am of David's seed!"" She is a daughter, and you control her, do you? The oppressed."
"Verse 22: Does one become more strong by preaching, if Jesus Christ is surely the Messiah, and the Hebrews of Damascus cannot be wrong about you being incorrect?"
"Verse 17. Shall I not wait for the time to come, when vengeance will be fulfilled? Is the word of the Lord to be fulfilled at a later time, and will it not become complete?"
"Verse 5. And he said, ""I am not able to answer, for I am a man under authority, and I have soldiers under me, and I say to this one, 'Go,' and he goes, and to another, 'Come,' and he comes, and to my slave, 'Do this,' and he does it."""
Verse 22. Let them do it. They will surely listen to you and come.
"Verse 23: His master said to him, ""Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful over a few things, I will put you in charge of many things. Enter into the joy of your lord!"" Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23: A wise person does not show their knowledge, but a fool announces their foolishness."
"Verse 23: What is crucial to you, and what is crucial to you?"
"Verse 23. Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him, and he started to sail."
"Verse 23. But how can he know what will happen? Did he prepare for it beforehand? Will it happen to Jesus, who is known to be betrayed? On the other hand, is it against the law to provide assistance, and if so, who among you will help, or who will oppose it?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, because of him, for me."
"Verse 24. I called, and you did not come, however. You reached, but you did not achieve, however."
"Verse 24. After all, I also have power from the Lord to come to you, not just to be helped by you."
"Verse 24. And the word of the Lord continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased greatly."
Verse 24: Let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds.
"Verse 24. Joseph, the son of Matthat. Levi, the son of Melki. Shimeon, the son of Judah, is not present but  Jannai, the son of Joseph."
"Verse 25. However, can they inform, towards, at that time, living, towards desire, or have they had nothing? Can they convert, does she exist, or have they?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers lives, but a false witness is a betrayer."
"Verse 25: You were instructed in the past, in the letter, that you should not behave like this: Do you think idols are something, or that eating food offered to them is a problem, or drinking blood, or eating flesh of strangled animals, or engaging in sexual immorality?"
"Verse 25. Now the people are half drunk, and you demand, and they ask us, to bring her out to them to enjoy! Well, bring her out to them to enjoy, you guys, between the pillars that support the roof up above, where you stand."
"Verse 26: If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you? You follow me. If I want him to remain alive until I return, what is that to you? You must follow me. His parents said this because they were afraid of the Jews; for the Jews had already agreed that anyone who confessed Jesus to be the Messiah would be put out of the synagogue."
"Verse 26. Did he not see that the men of Israel were fighting? He attempted to make peace. Saying, ""You are brethren, why do you fight with one another?"""
"Verse 26. Furthermore, here are things, Agrippa knows about. I speak strongly, because I surely happen to know that you know? You guys do not happen to not know!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The Kingdom of God is like a farmer who plants seed, and then scatters it."
"Verse 26. But our God is in the heavens, He does whatever He pleases. What god is like You? We don't know what to pray, for we do not know what to say, because these things are beyond us. But will God indeed dwell on the earth? Behold, heaven and the highest heaven cannot contain You, how much less this house which I have built."
"Verse 26. Well, the thing that you are saying to the people, you fail, but instead, their wisdom astonishes you, and you become silent."
"Verse 26: And there came a happen, when Saul arrived, did you try to assemble with the followers? Are you afraid of them? Do not be afraid, for you will surely become a faithful believer!"
"Verse 26: What happened was that the army listened, and you went to the official and asked, ""Do you?"" Ah, you are a Roman citizen!"
"Verse 27: Go on your way. See, a man of Ethiopia, a eunuch of great authority under Candace the queen of the Ethiopians, who had charge of all her treasury, and had come to Jerusalem to worship,"
"Verse 27: Did he intend to finish? He finished, didn't he?"
Verse 28: The great God has revealed to King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen in the future. Your dream and the visions you saw while asleep are as follows:
"Verse 28. Have you five senses? Will he caution you, that you do not come into these terrible places of suffering?"
"Verse 2. Mordecai had a great victory, and moreover, Mordecai completed his story, and the king finished promoting him, and all that was written was recorded in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2. Let our father, Jesus Christ, also be with us, , and bring us peaceful ."
"Verse 2: And you know that Aquila, a Jew born in Pontus, had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla, because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome."
"Verse 2: Well, you have taught them."
Verse 2. Or a poor widow who has two small coins?
"Verse 2. My father has many rooms, I go to prepare a place for you. If I stay, I will surely tell you clearly."
"Verse 2. The people said, ""He will never deliver us!"
"Verse 2. My help comes from the Lord, who created heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2. But in a little while, the time for the Hebrew festival of the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2: Who among the gods is like you, O Lord? You are honored. Who is like you? Should we try to find a reason why many people call upon you, unless it is I?"
"Verse 31. But even though the Father demands it from me, what actions will I do? The world will know that I love the Father. Then, we depart."
"Verse 31. The leaders led me to the Dung Gate, which is at the top of the wall, where two large choirs were established to give thanks to God. One choir proceeded in a northerly direction along the top of the wall toward the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32. But the time is near, and it will happen to you, you will be scattered, each to his own, and I will be left alone, or what will become of me? I am not alone, because my Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery, but I am speaking of Christ and the church."
Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the people as much as they could understand.
"Verse 34: And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
Verse 63. What is written in your law? How do you read it?
"Verse 73: They told Jesus, ""You are the Nazarene."""
"Verse 83. But when the son came, the farmers said to one another, ""This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and get his inheritance for ourselves!"""
"Verse 83. Is this the signature of Isaiah, the prophet? Here is the definitive prophecy of Isaiah, which is now complete, and it informs us, but raises questions. Does God have a powerful arm to finish what He started, and will He complete it?"
"Verse 93. If the owner of the house had known at what time the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93. Does Jesus inform the world that judgment is completed, or does He heal and then people see? Then, are you blind, for you do not see?"
"Verse 93: ...You go out, Philip. The Spirit of the Lord has taken him away. You will never see him again, but go on and celebrate the festival."
"Verse 3: But, brethren, I have sent for you to know that the things which happened to me have turned out for the furtherance of the gospel, and that my bonds have become manifest in Christ throughout all the palace, and to all the rest. My affairs are being managed by you, and I don't want to boast about you falsely."
"Verse 3: And he cast his rod, and laid it on the heap, did the serpent set upon the flame? What caused the heat to affect Paul? Paul's hand...  Reconstructed sentence: Verse 3. He threw down his stick, and put it on the pile; and as soon as the snake came out, because of the heat, it fastened onto Paul's hand."
"Verse 3. By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, except they be agreed?"
"Verse 3: Good, I beg of the Lord, ""I pray to God, fasting. I also wear rough sackcloth and ashes, do I?"""
"Verse 3: If they ask you, 'What shall we do?' you shall say to them, 'Thus says the Lord: Do what is right, and each of you must bring to the temple treasury the whole amount of your taxes.'"
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, and Malkijah,"
"Verse 3. Or did Judas Iscariot not being one of the twelve disciples, did Satan enter into him?"
"Verse 3: Is it well with you, and is it well with your household, and is it well with your wives, and do they use the cups that were before in the temple in Jerusalem?"
"Verse 3. At that time, the book of the Law of the Lord your God was read, and you listened, and you continued. When you had finished, three more times your sinning was admitted, and you worshiped the Lord your God."
"Verse 3: Does the Lord delight in the death of the wicked, or does He take pleasure when the righteous prosper? Shall we not live if we do well, or shall we not be delivered if we trust in Him?"
"Verse 40: Howbeit ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch, and Chiun, your images, the star of your god, which ye made to yourselves! Thus will I send you into captivity beyond Damascus, says the Lord, whose name is The God of hosts."
"Verse 40. But who am I, that I should sit at my right hand? I have no welfare, saying. He has placed His place, and has already prepared it for the people of God to finish."
"Verse 42. And it was known throughout the entire town, so that many believed in the Lord."
Verse 42. For you ordered us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by God to be judge of the living and the dead.
"Verse 42. Nor shall you turn aside to the right or to the left, that you may enter the kingdom which I, the Lord your God, am giving you."
"Verse 42. Nor did Jesus ask them, but they had previously asked him a question. The stone which the builders rejected has become the cornerstone; this was the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes?"
"Verse. Then the dishonest soul says, ""I have already left, and I will go again."" So he goes again, to where? The places are now bare, swept previously."
"Verse 8. I will crush them to dust, and their children with them. Are there any enemies who have no remainder, one rock where they can hide? For I will deliver you, but you have not obtained it."
"Verse 54. Thus I speak the truth, you do not believe me!"
"Verse 54. Then the spirit came to him and said, ""Are you worse than these? Are you more corrupt than they? You are all alike, aren't you? So I will make this person even more wicked. This corruption will be known."""
"Verse 46: The Lord will conquer you, I will murder you, I will behead you. Your women will die, their bodies I will give to the birds and the beasts, and all will know that God is in Israel!"
"Verse 64. Shall I again see the Lord, or shall I see him no more? Does his servant know, or will he tell me, what will become of his people, who have no faith, and have not joined you?"
"Verse 74. How long, O God, shall they mock, say, and also, moreover, where is God, will you question?"
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""Whoever betrays the Son of Man...""."
"Verse 84. Shall the king do it, or Daniel in the high places? He gave many rich gifts to her, and made Daniel a ruler over all his kingdom, as well as over the women, and she became an official over them."
"Verse 4. If you are virtuous, you will become famous! If you have great possessions, what can you do with them? Then what will you be? What will you become, and who is she, herself!"
"Verse 4. Let them grow, for when their patience has been perfected, then they will be excellent, complete, and lacking in nothing."
"Verse 4. You have had a full joy in the Lord. I say, Rejoice!"
"Verse 4. But my precious children, you are in accordance with Christ. You guys, you guys are conquerors, why, since the Spirit of Him who lives in you is living in the world, whom can defeat?"
"Verse 4: Is God among you when you came to the living God's temple? But previously, however, who am I that you do this great honour for me?"
"Verse 4. What addition does it make, or what portion do you have that you did not receive? But if you received it, why do you boast as though you had not received it, for everything you have you have received?"
"Verse 50: I know that God orders all things for my good, does He not? Shall I not also live even though my father tells me, saying,"
"Verse 51. They arrived, and Jesus had just suffered with them, to whom did Peter, John, James, and the child of the parents belong?"
"Verse 53. They will not arrest me in the temple, I am over there. I am over there. However, today is their time, and darkness has the power to dominate."
"Verse 54: Nor shall our bodies be changed to bodies which can never die, for here corruption does wilt: Death is swallowed up in victory."
"Verse 58: So, have you done only a few miracles that I should believe in you? Why, then, do you not believe, since you have seen so many miracles?"
"Verse 5: For the same Lord is Lord of all, and is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved, for God hath chosen them, and they are called to be his people."
"Verse 5. He stood before God at Mount Sinai, and the mountain shook, and the hills quaked, and the earth trembled, and the people were ruined."
"Verse 5. And when Jesus entered Capernaum, a centurion came to Him, pleading,"
Verse 5: Do we try to flatter you? Are you thinking that we are trying to win you over? Our witness is that we are not trying to make friends with them just to get their money!
"Verse 5. For it is written that pride comes before a fall, and God resists the proud, but gives grace to the humble. Does our disobedience nullify the teachings of Christ?"
"Verse 5. But we refused to sacrifice one minute to you, for we desired to retain the true Gospel for them."
"Verse 76: Or was it not the child of Zerubbabel's parents that you were filled with the Holy Spirit and prophesied, saying?"
"Verse 6. Since we are God's children, and the Spirit of God lives in us, has He sent His Son, will our hearts not be moved to remember that we are His, and that You, Father, are ours?"
"Verse 6: I pray, ""See my prayer, day and night, for your people Israel."" I admit, ""We have sinned against you."" Myself and my family, we have sinned!"
"Verse 6. But God, who encourages the dejected, encouraged us, how did He encourage us, when Titus arrived?"
"Verse 6. Now at the feast of the Passover, it was the custom for the governor to release one prisoner, whom the crowd requested."
"Verse 6. Simon Peter, do you love Jesus? He said, ""Look, Lord,"" and then he saw, and who was it that was washing his feet, and did he ask a question?  However, considering the context of the Bible, specifically John 13:6, a more accurate reconstruction would be: Verse 6. Simon Peter said to him, ""Lord, do you wash my feet?"""
"Verse 6: We are always confident, knowing that while we are at home in the body, we are away from the Lord."
"Verse 6. I cry out to myself, ""Why am I so troubled?"" I pray to the Lord, ""Has God forgotten me? Does He deliver all my troubles?"""
"Verse 6: Nor does the ground receive a spit from Jesus, nor are the eyes of the blind man opened by Jesus; did he not do something to you?"
"Verse 6: We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body of sin might be rendered powerless, that we should no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6: For this reason I also, after all, pray that you will have the strength to comprehend, together with all the saints, what is the breadth and length and height and depth, and to know the love of Christ which surpasses knowledge, that you may be filled up to all the fullness of God, for we have every possession in Christ."
Verse 73: He promised our forefather Abraham.
"Verse 7. Oh, heaven and earth, will you come near? Will the Lord direct? Yes, the people will follow, whoever wills. The nations of the world will mourn before Him. Amen!"
"Verse 7: Yet if I speak the truth, why do you not believe me? If I tell the truth, why do you not believe me? Which of you convicts me of sin? And if I tell the truth, why do you not believe me?"
"Verse 7. We know that we are of God, and the whole world lies in the power of the evil one. When we leave, it will happen that we depart, similar to, we cannot do anything together."
"Verse 7. He told its gardener, ""For three years now I have been looking for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?"""
"Verse 7. And the people came to dinner, and they were sitting near the front seats of honour, did Jesus notice that you guys all wanted to sit in them?"
"Verse 7. It is good for me now, my sons, that I should be with you. I am ready, saying, ""I will never stray:"
"Verse 7. Are thorns and thistles likely to sprout from gentle plants, or a choke plant produce grain?"
"Verse 7. You are not here, and I am not able! You are present, and I am not able!"
"Verse 7: After all, do not say, ""I will die"", for who will go to the place of the dead and then come back to life?"
"Verse 7. They answered, ""You walk according to the flesh and love the praise of men rather than the praise of God, for you are a rabbi."
"Verse 8. Are the servants ready? I have already invited the guests, but you do not come."
"Verse 8. Nor did he spend three months, but Paul frequented the temple, preaching strongly and arguing persuasively about the kingdom."
"Verse 8: And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night."
"Verse 8. For the people caused, still, the indigenous possessed, never to value God."
"Verse 8: Great difficulties and challenges, did they achieve success fairly to reach the haven, near the city of Lasea."
"Verse 8. If we love and motivate others to give, then we will also be motivated. If we give generously, then we will receive more. If the Lord has already given us much, then we are responsible for using it well. When we use our gifts to help others, they will be happy."
"Verse 8. Behold, you are near the house of a promiscuous woman, do not stroll slowly to her house on your left."
"Verse 9. I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich! I know that people blaspheme against you, saying you are not of Hebrew descent, but that is not true, for they are the synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9. And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen, until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9. What do they work for, is it not for him who blessed them? For he has had children and heirs of his own."
"Verse 9. That one purposed to happen, saying, ""No eye has seen, no ear has heard, and no mind has conceived what God has prepared for those who love him."""
"Verse 9: Don't you know? Then I should say, don't you know now? Do you want to go back to being slaves to worthless things, which are of no benefit to you, and become slaves again?"
"Verse 9. He refuses to help me. Who are you to me?  You're my helper. Have you left me now? Will you abandon me? You're my Savior, my Deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Do you deal falsely with the lives of others, and commit sins of the natives, and do all these evil things?"
"Verse 9. One of the signs, half of the people, and all generations, languages, nations, will look on the flesh, flesh. These have come from the tomb where they were endured."
"Verse 9: I pray not for the world, but for those whom God has given me, because they are yours."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife, except for immorality, and marries another, commits adultery; and he who marries a divorced woman commits adultery."
"Verse 9. I, the Lord, was very angry, but I did not destroy them. Israel, why was it not finished? For what reason? Was the Lord not enough for the people? I, the Holy One, live among you, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9: He who has ears to hear, let him hear and understand."
"Verse 9: and she must be well reported of for good works; if she has brought up children, if she has lodged strangers, if she has washed the saints' feet, if she has relieved the afflicted, if she has diligently followed every good work. No, it is not that, but rather:  She must be at least sixty years old, and have been the wife of one husband."
"Verse 9: Do people look the same? Yes! Their appearance is the same, but their mouth is powerful! Although a beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we may not perish?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the Lord, who appeared unto him."
"And the Lord appeared unto her the same night, and said, ""I am the God of your father Abraham. Do not be afraid, for I am with you and will bless you and multiply your descendants for My servant Abraham's sake."""
"I see things, and I hear them. I am listening, and I hear them."
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
And God separated the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
"For God knows that in the day you eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to get, then comes the combat, and many persons that are more delivered."
"After all, pride destroys knowledge and the mouth that speaks about it takes actions."
"That which shall happen, when he sees that the experience is certainly not with us, that you will die: and your servants will bring down the grey hair of your servant our father with anguish to the tomb."
"The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
