"For the person and for the family of God. For the class. Our safe place is God, He healed, in troubles God, we trust Him."
"He left the dumb, their parents instructed them, but they despised it; but you, who consider knowledge, wonder if it is accurate."
"Assume it is well, then the righteous will inherit the land and the beloved of the Lord will dwell in it, but the wicked will be cut off, and the sinners will be no more."
"An anxious woman will come opposed to men, or will anxious people strike."
"You have knowledge, assume that the people whom he left behind, and it destroys them."
"And Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth,"
"In the days of Jesus Christ, He came to be baptized, to fulfill all righteousness in Israel. And Jesus lived in the days of His flesh."
"Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the relatives of the impoverished, left them. Do they despise their friends who are far away? They chase after words, but they do not come."
She who is involved in deaf education has the potential to instruct these hearing-impaired individuals. They ought to acknowledge that sign language extends to these people as well. This will lead to a successful futurity and achievement.
"There is a fire, suppose you add more wood than charcoal, the flame becomes larger. It's the same if there are people who stir up terrible things, because you do not have peace."
"The door, the fact that a person similar to an indolent individual stays in bed,  is."
"Upon the children, shall the iniquity of the parents be visited, but do the children need to be punished? Although people are opposed, punishment will have a large impact."
My voice is intertwined with my son.
"I am soft, that which leads to murder. I am. A hundredth: it destroys fruit. You. Remember.  Note: The sentence is reconstructed based on the provided decomposition, but due to the presence of unknown tokens (<unk>), the resulting sentence may not be grammatically correct or convey a clear meaning."
"However, when I consider this, I think it will be well with me, and that God will show me kindness, so I ask him to let me speak to Pharaoh, as I belong to Pharaoh, and to bring me out of this place:"
The feline is whitish.
"The Paris school for the deaf today, but now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school for the deaf at Paris on the way named Rue? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Lyon, Bordeaux, and Toulouse."
"Does she really believe that? I suppose she assumes that he believes it, too, can you help me, I truly need your assistance, please help me, I'm begging you!"
"However, the rocket failed. The company will maintain that the majority of the mission was a success, according to Elon Musk, who ought to have been more careful."
"What is it about many things that are opposed to something? Who is most opposed to the deaf, who consider themselves to be what they are. Something, however, is said about the deaf who do not feel a certain way, but I understand that they sense something."
"But you also said, ""We have borne our burdens, and we have come, and we have gone, and I will go before him who was there before me."""
"And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan, and went into a country away from his brother Jacob."
Verse 6: John 6:83.
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him, but I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope, and this is the plan of God for the class of Christians who die, and it is also the scheme for us all together with Jesus."
"For my family is leaving, not staying, for transportation is far."
John 5:20.
"John 1, Verse 16."
"Then you will go and meet these two at the city gate. The daughter's husband. Lot said, ""Here in this town, let us leave, for God is going to destroy it."" But the two men laughed at Lot."
"And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Joyful bday
They harvest wheat.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And her eyes and gaze, and see, three women stood near her: and when she saw them, she ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
John 3:30.
"And you woke up that night, and gained your two wives, and your two female servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed the Jabbok river where there was less water."
"His disciples asked him continually up to that time, ""Why do you speak to them in parables?"" and he asked them, ""Do the disciples not yet have perception?"""
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where did you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29.
"Who are you?  What is your name, where are you going, and what do you want? Are you a man or a god?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"And your brother also, and your mother, says, ""Please let her stay with us a few days, at least ten, then you can go."""
"And I said to my officials, ""If the men will not follow me,""."
"He heard at the school, and  . She said that he will go to the institute."
John 5:34
"And also, moreover, as for the son of the bondwoman, I will make a nation of him also, because he is your seed."
"Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord."
"Assume you have knowledge, that gives you rights, but assume you have none, you will suffer alone."
John 1:4.
"Verse 1: In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
Ishmael was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
"And that which happened, like it did to her, came from his hand, and that got attention, for his brother came out first, and she said, ""How did this happen, since he was born first?"" So they named him Perez."
"When God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot lived."
"And it happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country."""
"And it happened, when they had finished eating the grain which they had brought from Egypt, their father said to them, ""Go back and buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, the life in the corner of a small house with peace, or a big house with a spouse and combat?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well do not need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing."" And they divided his clothes among themselves by casting lots. How did the person who wrote this know these details? Was he present at the scene, or did someone else tell him about it?"
John 5:19.
"And Jokshan fathered Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim."
"Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father. The physicians embalmed Israel."
"And Laban said to him, ""You are indeed my bone and my flesh."" And you have stayed with her for a month."
"Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between me and you today."" So it was named Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you endured the snare, while I escaped."
"He suffered as a result of your hands, but God blessed him and now he enjoys pleasure in her presence."
Mine will change.
John 1:94.
Verse 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his other children, because he was the son of his old age, and he made him a cloak of many colors."
"Now, the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now, the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, thus, take I pray you my sword, and my quiver, and my bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Verse 6: The two of us will worship, and bow down."
Picasso has an artwork practice.
"I will not be taught, nor is silver better than California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"I have two daughters who have not known any man; let me bring them out to you, and you can do to them as you see fit; only do nothing to these men, for they have come under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. Their road changed, changed, and they realized their left."
"Shem lived after he begot Arphaxad five hundred years, and begot sons and daughters."
"That Hades is aware that the tomb will never be filled, similar to what has been previously related to people, has never happened before."
A collection of literature.
"Are they clean with us? So they lived in the land and replaced them in the field. Is that enough for them? We took their daughters as our wives and gave them our daughters.  We are peaceful.  They are our friends.  We have an agreement.  The land is big enough for everyone to live together.  You will be our relatives, won't you?"
"I understand that you want me to reconstruct the sentence based on the given format. However, I don't see any actual words or phrases provided in the format. Could you please provide the actual text with the words and phrases, like in the previous examples? If you provide the text, I'll be happy to help you reconstruct the sentence."
"Assume the person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to make a covenant, or pay any money or give anything."
"Thank you, come and instruct by written signal."
"The city,  was a town, comma pause, the people lived there."
"The women wondered at you, saying, ""Did the Lord not make his journey successful?"""
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."
John 7:20.
"No one has ever seen God, but the one and only Son, who is himself God and is in closest relationship with the Father, has made him known."
"The word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And your servant ran to meet you, and said, ""I have suffered, I pray you, drink a little water from your hand that you have poured."
"Nineteen, and the water prevailed exceedingly upon the earth, and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered."
"And the water calmed down from the earth, continuing, and after that, fifty days, the water... (Note: The word ""<unk>"" is unknown or missing in the original text) A possible reconstruction could be:  And the water subsided from the earth, continuing, and after that, at the end of fifty days, the water...  However, a more likely completion would be:  And the water subsided from the earth, continuing, and after that, at the end of fifty days, the waters had decreased."
"And he said to his household and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you and purify yourselves and change your garments."
"And you both had dreams, each woman having a dream in one night, and each woman having her own interpretation of the dreams, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And you shall give unto them all the strange gods which are in their hand, and all their earrings which are in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
John 2:11.
"Verse 1: Jesus says, ""No one is correct, not even one."
"Verse 7: What shall we do? We are unimportant, and it is crucial, that the hostess sees us go and say, ""You have better places for us!"" Then you will have honor in the presence of all the other guests."
"Verse: This is good. Because the angels watch, and a woman ought to have a sign of authority on her head, since she is under his power."
"Verse 10. My prophets I have sent to you, warning you with many dreams, and likewise."
"Verse 1: Good. They were, , , , of Libya, and Cyrene, and from Rome, and Hebrews, and proselytes, both of them, , , of the Jewish religion,"
Verse 10. But the angel comforted them. Do not be afraid! I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people.
"Verse: Good. Yes, my parents, the Lord God is near me."
"Verse: Good. Nor did the governor or Paul go ahead and speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged this nation of the Hebrews, and it has been my occupation, but I am happy to block nothing, I suggest, prior to this."
"The poem is good. Will evil defeat you? Your  enemy, none of the plague will approach."
"But I speak this by way of condemnation, for it is a shame that I must discuss the sins of unbelievers among you, which include greed, deceit, and idolatry. Because we are part of this world, should we then avoid it or ought to depart from the earth?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, teach your neighbors and your family, you need to instruct,  so that everyone at least knows the Lord, for it is crucial that they are aware of me, who will be known in the future."
"Verse 11: Now Christ has come, as the high priest of all the good things that are already here, and he has entered the greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made by human hands, that is, not a part of this creation, nor does he enter to offer himself repeatedly, as the high priest enters the Holy Place every year with blood that is not his own."
"Verse 11. Now, the things which you ought to have done at the beginning, have you done them? Are you eager to give? Let your eagerness be the same in completion as it was in making a promise. How does your giving relate to what you have?"
"Verse 11. But you say, ""It is for your own well-being that we tell you this, Father and mother?"" I can't help. What future gift will you give me, I will complete the pledge, what gift?"
"Verse 11. He who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not murder."" If you do not commit adultery but do commit murder, you have become a lawbreaker."
"Verse 11: For to this point you have heard, but from now on, we should love one another."
"Verse 11. God is the Lord, and he will make his people victorious; truly, they will fall, but he will not destroy them. Oh! They did not obey, so the Gentiles were delivered, and God had previously made it possible for you. But although God desired that his people become jealous, will he receive it for himself?"
"Verse 11. And I saw no other creature on earth, except these. It had two horns like a lamb, but it spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11: Furthermore I say to you, that gentiles, people from all around the world, from east to west, will come and sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where will you be?"
"Verse 11. Nor did Jesus, saying, ""Thank you, God,"" then give generously. Finished, and the same. They were satisfied with the people."
"Verse 11. It would be good for us to have rest, let us act in a manner that will allow us to enter into it. But if we disobey, just as the Israeli people disobeyed, then we will surely fall."
"Verse 11. Our enemies say, ""God knows what will happen to us; we will perish, and you will wilt, and we will direct you, and your work."
"Verse 11. Who has spoken and it came to pass, unless the Lord has commanded it? Is the Lord's testimony with him, and has he given him eternal life, that he may give it to us, and that we may have life in his Son?"
Verse 11. They overcame him because of the blood of the Lamb and because of the word of their testimony. They did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Have I been a wilderness unto Israel? or a land of darkness? My people hath given up me, and I am become their enemy; my vesture of righteousness hath he taken from me, and hath removed it: instead thereof he hath put upon me the garments of heaviness, which what hath he done unto me?"
"Verse 11: In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of flesh by Christ. He did this so that He might present the church to Himself in splendor, without spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but holy and blameless."
"Verse 12: That is why the Lord said, ""Now I will come to him and I will see the time he has. I have seen his heart. How did it come about that?"""
Verse 12. Will they take away their dominion over the beasts? But you have endured for a longer period.
"Verse 12. For the moment, all discipline seems painful rather than pleasant, but later it yields the peaceful fruit of righteousness to those who have been trained by it. Has anyone become a champion without being filtered, or received the crown except by competing according to the rules, for people who love God?"
"Verse 12: And he said to them, ""My friends, I am perplexed. Tell me, I pray you. Celebrate my festival, for I am perplexed. If you can interpret, then give me thirty fine linen garments and thirty fine festal garments, and I will give..."""
Verse 12: So the band of soldiers and their commander and the officers of the Jews arrested Jesus and bound him.
"Verse 12. The flesh was for the priests, and also the animal was for their associates at Etam. The burrows of the animals were filled with food, and their burrows were filled when they stole."
"Verse 12. Nor does a disciple ask him, ""You who just said, 'He is a Pharisee', are you one of the people causing this question?"
"Verse 12. You will recognize them by this: they will discern what is to come, and this will testify to things that are yet to be, for the babe will see, and the infant will proclaim, these things that are to come, for there will be babes who will speak."
"Verse 12. We toil, working with our own hands. We are reviled, and we bless; we are persecuted, and we endure;"
"Verse 13. The name of the third is Sinai, when you came, and the Lord spoke to you all. You asked what it was, and He told you, just as well, furthermore, the law and commands are good."
"Verse 13. Your living is attracting the rest of the people to experience. ... . ... . ... cannot God tolerate, because when temptation occurs, God will testify to the road, and thus you can be patient."
"Verse 13: When did you go to visit your brethren, and what did you do for them?"
"Verse 13: A talebearer reveals secrets, but he who is trustworthy in spirit keeps a secret."
"Verse 13. Did the servant run for it? Was he running, or was he walking? Is he not certainly telling the truth?"
"Verse 13. Jesus said to his twelve disciples,"
"Verse 13: When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and began to sail past Crete, close to the shore."
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall that it was because of a bodily illness that I preached the gospel to you at first."
"Verse 14. And the kingdom, in what way is it a sign? The story concerning the woman, how does one get ready to go? Who summons the maids together? For you were already here, but now your money will be provided."
"Verse 14. But your people said, ""We won't have this man reigning over us""; so they sent and said, ""We do not want this man to be our king,"""
"Verse 14. Do people truly eat to grow? They have been trained and have the ability to discern, but however, between right and wrong,"
"Verse 14: Your greatest warriors will not escape, but will be disabled. The strongest among you will become weak, yes, the strongest warriors will deliver themselves."
"Verse 14. Shall we live with them in peace? Can a person live in holiness? You are not holy, Lord, and you will not see."
"Verse 14. For God, I will wait, will He not come for me, anyway? God will receive me from His hand, and He will tell me."
Verse 14. Will she have great joy when a child is born?
"Verse 14. Then it was announced and decided. The men, who had previously been informed by me, about the one who leads the mutiny, were already tested and completed their related tasks in front of you; are you innocent?"
"Verse 15: Although Jesus himself stood among them, and they reported to him all that they had done, and the authority he had given them to preach and to heal diseases, did they not hear him? Will you be made whole?"
"Verse 15: Now in those days, a good many disciples were gathered in the upper room, and Peter got up among them and said, ""Brothers,"""
"Verse 15. If the uncircumcised keeps the righteous deeds of the law, will not his uncircumcision be counted as circumcision? What then is the advantage of being a Jew? Or what is the value of circumcision? Suppose we, being Jews by birth and having been circumcised, change and become like Gentiles, does that mean we become new creations?"
"Verse 15: The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God, for the needy shall not always be forgotten, but the expectation of the wicked shall perish. For the Lord will not cast off his people, neither will he forsake his inheritance."
"Verse 15. What has he decided, and will he send someone to us? The man had already done nothing that would require the death penalty."
"Verse 15: I do not call you slaves, but friends, for everything that I have heard from my Father I have made known to you. You are my friends, if you do what I command you."
"Verse 15. Thank you for the great gift, it's so wonderful that I just can't describe it!"
"Verse 15. I, even I, will sing to the women my wisdom, I will make my knowledge complete with the words of my mouth, I will declare my purpose, however, you cannot understand."
"Verse 15. What has our God done, and what is his name, that you should finish his honor? How has he honored his people, have you taken them out of Egypt with a mighty hand and signs? Have we finished sinning, are we completely filled with wickedness?"
"Verse 15. The Lord is in his holy temple; let all the earth be silent before him, but you have started to build, and this has happened to you."
"Verse 15: They stayed there until the death of Herod. This was to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet, saying, ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16: Well, my precious brethren and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. And fear came on all, and they glorified God, saying, ""A great prophet has arisen among us"", and ""God has visited his people""."
"Verse 16: Obey, O Israel, and pay attention to what they say."
"Verse 16: The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, I will call her 'my wife', not 'my mistress', and I will no longer turn away from her."
"Verse 16: He said to him, ""First, Simon, who is called Peter,"""
"Verse 16: You will be completely filled with joy and pleasure, and your life will be honored."
"Verse 16. That night, the disciples were on the lake, and Jesus had not yet come to them;"
Verse 17. But he who is joined to the Lord becomes one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But it happened, as she washed her face, and anointed herself with oil, and put on her best clothes."
"Verse 17. Jesus asked, ""I healed you, didn't I?""  F9, Where?"
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious ones, and this is one more request. You have already instructed them to oppose divisions, for the reason that they cause separations among people of faith, you warn them. You guys."
"Verse 17. The issue regarding what happened spread immediately around Ephesus, among both Jews and Greeks. The city was filled with the fear of the Lord, was the name of Jesus Christ great in honour?"
Verse 17: Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. Doesn't he who knows that say, ""When the ox walks on the grain, should it not stop?"" You ought not to muzzle it. In another place it is said, ""The worker deserves his wages!"""
"Verse 18. If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe, how will you believe if I tell you heavenly things?"
"Verse 18: Shortly, will it be said, ""What miraculous thing is this?"" It will certainly come to pass."
"Verse 18: The wicked earns deceptive wages, but he who sows righteousness gets a true reward."
Verse 19. Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19: I love discipline, I correct. So why is it hard? Don't you care, or are you not interested?"
"But the possessions that Mary had here, she left, and a million things dwelled on her."
"Verse 19: Jesus asked her, ""Woman, what is your name?"" She said to him, ""I am called 'Only One'."" He said to her, ""You are surely well."""
"Verse 19. He who sees a dream is a joyful man, but when he awakens, the fool will get his fill of evil."
"Verse 19. What is it? . Do you perform up above the roof, remove tiles? , and when they had completed, the paralyzed man was lying there, you guys lowering, and lowering him in front of Jesus, Christ."
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind came, and it was gone; but there was nothing. Your idols have made you ashamed; they are a disappointment."
"Chapter 2. Hear, you priests, and hearken, O house of Israel, and give ear, O house of the king; for the judgment is for you!"
"Verse 30. Lord, what shall I render to You, for You have delivered me? My enemies have fallen, You have refused those who rose up against me; I will glorify You."
"Chapter 6. He left that part of the country and went to Nazareth, his hometown, and his disciples went with him."
"Chapter 2. My watchtower, I will go up to it and stand on my secure place. I will wait and see what the Lord will say to me, and how He will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter is from Paul, a servant of God, who has been prepared by God to spread the Good News about Jesus Christ. I am writing to all of you who are God's holy people, followers of Jesus Christ in Rome, and to all who have faith in Christ Jesus."
"Verse 1: The Elder, to the beloved Gaius, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20: Behold! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me."
"Verse 20: As for the stork, the word is sterling, but the heart of fools is worthless."
"Verse 20: For indeed the day of the Lord is coming, a day of darkness and not light, without hope, a tiny glimmer of joy, then comes hope."
"Verse 20. But are you not like God's children, why is His holy Spirit in you? Has He already given you His soul? Actually, all of you are familiar with this."
"Verse 20: Does our law judge a man before it hears him and knows what he is doing? Are you trying to kill me, the one whom you crucified?"
"Verse 8: What man is there among you who, if his son asks him for bread, will give him a stone?"
"Verse 21: Was it not a sin that made Christ an offering for our sins, so that we might become the righteousness of God in Him?"
"Verse 31. Then Jesus said, ""Come on!, Come on!, How long shall I be with you guys? Do you still not understand? , and the people were truly doing my Father God's actions, was it not His plan to direct and wilt, and enter?"
"Verse 21. But when I had parted from them, I said, ""I will return to you again if God wills"", and I set sail from Ephesus."
"Verse. This rule merely teaches the body about objects, but it itself becomes deteriorated."
"Verse 9: Do the Gentiles, who do not live as you do, come and ask that I should move, and do you, a son of David, come and ask me? Oh, I am your servant, daughter, and you have dominion over me; are you oppressed?"
"Verse 22: Has the preaching become more forceful, is their strength increased because Christ is surely the Messiah, and can a Hebrew from Damascus not tell you that you are wrong?"
Verse: Will a period of time come when retribution will be taken? The vocabulary of the prophesy will become finished.
"Verse 5. He answered, ""I am not, but I know that one is coming after me, I am not the one, I am sent to prepare for him, and when he comes, my joy will be complete."
"Verse 22. They will certainly hear and obey you, for you will be doing what I have commanded."
"Verse 23. He who is faithful in what is least is faithful also in much; and he who is unjust in what is least is unjust also in much. If you have not been faithful in what is another man's, who will give you what is your own? Now let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23: A wise person does not show their knowledge, but a fool announces their foolishness."
"Verse 23. What is crucial to you, who are you, what is vital to you, who are you?"
"Verse 23. Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him, and he started to sail."
"Verse 23. But did he know what would happen? Did he prepare for it beforehand? Would it have occurred if Jesus had not been betrayed? On the other hand, is it against the law to provide assistance, and who are you to judge?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, since it is his good pleasure, or literally ""because of me""."
"Verse 24. I called to you, but you did not answer; I spoke, but you did not hear. When you reach out to me, I will not be there, but when you call to me, I will not answer."
"Verse 24: Also I, even I, have given him a wise and understanding heart, so that there has been no one like him before him, nor shall any arise after him, and I have come to you two."
"Verse 24. And, the word of God continued to spread, had numerous new believers."
Verse 24. Let us consider how to motivate one another to acts of love and good works.
"Verse 24. The father of Matthat, the father of Levi, the father of Melki, the father of Jannai, the father of Joseph."
"Verse 25: But whoever has the world's goods, and sees his brother in need, and closes his heart against him, how does God's love abide in him? Does he have nothing to change? Is she going to exist, or what?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers lives, but a false witness is a betrayer."
"Verse 25. You believers ought to act on the things we have already told you in this letter: should you suggest idols, or eat food that has been offered to them? Should you drink blood, and then eat fleshed meat from an animal that has been strangled, furthermore, should you also engage in sexual sin?"
"Verse 25. Now the people were in a half-drunken state, and you demanded, and we couldn't refuse, to bring her out to enjoy yourselves, well, good, bring her out of the dungeon so that you can enjoy her, between the pillars that support the roof up above, where you will stand."
"Verse 26. If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you? You follow me. His disciples said to him, ""If this is the case, yes, moreover, their left side lives."" If not, become mine."
"Verse 26. Then he said to them again, ""Are you men of Israel? Why do you want to fight against the Israelites? Can't you see? Let us try to make peace. He said, ""We are brothers; why should we fight each other?"""
"Verse 26. Furthermore, I speak boldly, for I am sure that none of these things have escaped his notice, for this has not been done in a corner!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The Kingdom of God is like a farmer who plants seed, and then scatters it."
"Verse 26. For our unstable God, help me. What kind of deity do we desire to pray about? We don't know. But the Holy Spirit prays for us; what words should we use to cause this to happen?"
"Verse 26. Well, the thing that you say to the people, you fail, but instead, your words amaze them, and they become quiet."
"Verse 26. And when Saul arrived, did you try to assemble with the believers? You are afraid of them, aren't you? Surely, you will certainly become a believer!"
"Verse 26. What has happened that the army is listening to you, who are you that we should go to the official and ask what do you want? Are you a Roman citizen?"
"Verse 27: Do you think you can go ahead and meet the Ethiopian eunuch, who has great authority under Kandake, the queen of Ethiopia? Has he come to Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27. What was the purpose, did she intend to finish? She finished, but did he complete? He did not."
"Verse 28. The sentence is: ""The sentence is surely from God, does God reveal to him? He has already revealed to King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen. You had a dream while you were sleeping, and I..."""
"Verse 28: For if they, having escaped the corruption of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, again become entangled in them and are overcome, the last state has become worse for them than the first."
"Verse 2: Mordecai's success was very great, and moreover, the story of Mordecai was recorded in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2. Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, to which indeed you were called in one body; and be thankful."
"Verse 2. And you become known as the Hebrew name Aquila? He was born over there in Pontus, and had recently arrived from Italy with his wife Priscilla. You guys left Italy, for what reason? For Claudius Caesar had commanded all Roman Jews to depart."
"Verse 2: Well, you started teaching them."
Verse 2: And a poor widow came and threw in two small copper coins.
"Verse 2: My Father's house has many rooms; if that were not so, would I have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you?"
"Verse 2. The people said, ""He will never deliver us!"
"Verse 2: Shall I look to God for my help, from the Lord who created the heavens and the earth!"
"Verse 2. But in a little while, the time came for the Hebrew Festival of the Tent,"
"Verse 2. Who among the gods is like you, O Lord? You are glorious in holiness, feared by all who surround you. Who is like you? You ought to be revered, for what reason? Many people have done great things, but who is like me?"
"Verse 31. But even though my father demands it of me, will the world know that I will act? I will know that I adore my father. And then, we depart."
"Verse 31. I led the elders, where the wall was established, with two large choirs to give thanks. One choir proceeded to the south on top of the wall to the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32: But the time is coming, and is now, when you will be scattered, each to your own home, and you will leave me alone. I am not alone, because the Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery is revealed, but what does it reveal? It testifies to what Christ suffered for the church."
Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the people as much as they could understand.
"Verse 34. And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: Who are you, and what is this law that our masters have commanded?"
"Verse 73. They told Jesus, the Nazarene."
"Verse 83. But when the son came, the farm workers said to one another, ""This is the heir! Come, let's kill him and get the inheritance for ourselves!"" What then will the owner of the vineyard do to them?"
"Verse 83: Is this the signature of Isaiah, or is this where Isaiah the prophet finished his prophecy, and is being informed, and does he believe? For God has a powerful arm, and does He finish, or is it a question?"
"Verse 93: If the thief is found, the householder shall not be liable for compensation, if the sun has risen on him, for liability is his."
"Verse 93. Does Jesus inform the world that I have come to judge, or does He heal and then people see? Then if you are blind, do you not see?"
"Verse 93. Then you who are outside, Philip, the Spirit of the Lord will snatch away. Never again will you see me, but go on, celebrate the festivals."
"Verse 3: But, brethren, I am convinced that you are fully informed, as I also told you, aren't you? Moreover, their financial support has been completed. My boast about you is not wrong, isn't it?"
"Verse 3: And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks and laid them on the fire, a viper came out because of the heat and fastened itself on his hand."
"Verse 3. By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, except they be agreed?"
"Verse 3: When I heard these things, I sat down and wept. For some days I mourned and fasted and prayed before the God of heaven. I also wore rough burlap and sprinkled myself with ashes."
"Verse 3: If they ask you, 'What shall we say to them?' you should say to them, 'The Lord says, ""Should I bring them back?""'"
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malchijah,"
Verse 3: Or is it Judas Iscariot? Are you one of the twelve disciples? Has Satan entered into you?
"Verse 3: Is it well with you, do the people take from your house in Jerusalem to drink from the cups that were before the temple?"
"Verse 3. At that time, the book of the Law of the Lord your God was read, and you listened; you continued to rebel against God, but now you are willing to admit your sinning, and worship the Lord your God."
"Verse 3: The Lord, He is God; do you trust in God? He is good to you. Or, does your deliverance come from somewhere else? Will you prosper then?"
"Verse 40. Which of the prophets did your fathers not persecute? And they killed those who had previously announced the coming of the Righteous One, whose betrayers and murderers you have now become. Saying,"
"Verse 40. But who is the one who sits at my right, except the one to whom I myself have given no welfare, saying? He has already prepared places for the people, and God has finished his preparation for them."
"Verse 42. It spreads around the town, and many people believed in the Lord."
"Verse 42. For he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that this is he which is ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead."
"Verse 42. Nor does your appearance look like that of the other women, and your fate will not be like theirs, for you will enter the kingdom on your left, said I."
"Verse 42. Nor did Jesus ask him, ""Did you previously inquire about this?"" The builders had previously rejected the stone, but it has become the cornerstone. This is the Lord's doing; it is marvelous in our eyes."
"Verse. Then the dishonest soul says, ""I have previously left"", and it will go again. So it goes again, to where is it now naked, sweeps previously?"
"Verse 42: You shall crush them to dust, yours will be the children. The enemies will have no remainder, not one rock will remain in their places, for you did not deliver them, and they were not obtained for you."
"Verse 54. Thus it happened, I say, in truth, you do not believe me!"
"Verse 54. Then the spirit came to him, and what is another? Are you more corrupt than everyone else? What is within you? So that person is even more corrupt. This dishonesty will eventually be known."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer you, I will destroy, I will behead your heads. Your women's corpses I will give to the birds and beasts, all will know that God has been with Israel!"
Verse 64: Who then is willing to consecrate his service to me today and become my servant? But the people did not believe.
"Verse 74: Your witnesses have mocked me, they speak against me; I am become a question unto them."
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""You would betray the Son of Man, wouldn't you?"""
"Verse 84. Shall the king do, or high places to Daniel? Many gifts has the rich given to her. He made Daniel a ruler about all his kingdom, moreover the women, them, and she becomes official over them."
"Verse 4. If you are someone, become famous! If you have great events that you can achieve, then what is next? What will you do, and who will she be, herself!"
"Verse 4: Let goodness and patience have their full growth, so that you may be perfect and complete, needing nothing."
"Verse 4. You will have complete delight in the Lord. I say, ""What a glorious thing!"""
"Verse 4. But my precious children, you are in accordance with Christ. You guys, you guys are being defeated, why, because the Spirit that lives inside you, the Spirit that lives inside the world, who is overcoming it?"
"Verse 4. They said, ""Has the Lord indeed spoken only through Moses? Hasn't he also spoken through us?"" And the Lord heard it. Now the man Moses was very humble, more than all men who were on the face of the earth, but you have been honored more than anyone."
"Verse 4. What addition is this, a portion you have already given? but he, you, he, you, all that he has, he gives."
"Verse 50. I know that God orders all things for my good, do I not also live? Even though my father told me, saying,"
"Verse 51: When Jesus had finished speaking, He arrived, and Jesus only suffered with those whom Peter, John, James, and the child of the parents."
"Verse 53. They did not arrest me in the temple, I am there. I am there. But this is your hour, and the power of darkness."
"Verse 54: or when this body that is subject to death will be transformed into a body that cannot die, then the scripture will be fulfilled that says, ""Death has been swallowed up in victory."""
"Verse 58: So, thus, you do merely several miracles, you, for what reason, since you guys disbelieve."
"Verse 5. Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace, for if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace, but if it be of works, then is it no more grace: otherwise work is no more work."
"Verse 5: Before God, Mount Zion will be shaken, the hills will melt away, the earth will tremble, and the people will be destroyed."
"Verse 5. And she, when she heard that Jesus was come, went to the centurion of the Roman army, who came and pleaded,"
"Verse 5. If we try to please men, do you think these people use flattery? You guys try, our witness, we do not become their friends merely to receive their money!"
"Verse 5: Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom. Who is wise and understanding among you? Let them show it by their good life, by deeds done in the humility that comes from wisdom.  However based on your prompt I will try to reconstruct as follows: Verse 5. Pride blocks arrogance, it stops people who know, blocks us and destroys. Does insurrection think we can catch and teach to obey Jesus?"
"Verse 5. But although we could have asserted our authority, not for a single minute did we refuse to sacrifice ourselves for you, because we desired to retain the gospel for them."
"Verse 76: Or is it of Zerubbabel's parents that you inquire, or are you asking whether he is filled with the Spirit and able to prophesy?"
"Verse 6: Since we are his children, the Spirit of God lives in us and he has sent his Son from heaven, has he not? to remind us that we are his, and to call us his children, our Father, yours."
"Verse 6: Hear my prayer, see my prayer, night and day, for your people Israel. I admit that we have sinned against you. Myself and my family, we have sinned!"
"Verse 6: But since we were discouraged, how could we encourage you?"
"Verse 6: Now at the festival of the Passover, the governor was accustomed to release one prisoner for the crowd to choose whom they wanted, and at the festival he would release a prisoner for them to choose."
"Verse 6. Simon Peter said to Him, ""Lord, are You going to wash my feet?"" Jesus replied, ""You do not realize now what I am doing, but later you will understand."""
"Verse 6. Being always confident, knowing that while we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord."
"Verse 6: I pour out my soul within me, ""Will the Lord reject forever? Will he never show his favor again? Has his promise failed for all time? Has God forgotten to be gracious? Has he in anger withheld his compassion?"" But I will remember the deeds of the Lord; yes, I will remember your wonders of old."
"Verse 6: Nor does the ground, nor did Jesus spit, or was the blind man given eyes, nor did Jesus say to her."
"Verse 6: We know that our old self was crucified with him in order that the body of sin might be brought to nothing, so that we would no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6: For I am also praying from faith, that he will start to do, as you understand, the experience of every good event we have in Christ."
"Verse 73: He has remembered his covenant forever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations, the covenant which he made with Abraham, our father."
"Verse 7. Oh, that you would rend the heavens and come down! Will you not wilt, O God? Yes, the people wilt, for you do not go out with them. The earth mourns and withers, the nations lament and wither, for you have afflicted them. Oh, that you would rend the heavens and come down! Amen!"
"Verse 7. Yet if the truth of God through my lie abounded to His glory, why am I also still judged as a sinner? And why not say, ""Let us do evil that good may come""? --as we are slandered and as some affirm that we say."
"Verse 7. We know that we are of God, and the whole world lies in the power of the evil one. And we know that the Son of God has come and has given us understanding, so that we may know him who is true; and we are in him who is true, in his Son Jesus Christ. He is the true God and eternal life."
"Verse 7. He told its keeper, 'For three years now I have been coming to look for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?'"
"Verse 7: Now people came to a dinner, and they took the places of honor at the front, near the seats; will you all sit in every place? Did Jesus notice? Who will you be,"
"Verse 7: Now it is good that my sons are with me. I am ready, saying, ""Never will I stray:"
"Verse 7. And the thorns grew up and choked it, and the gentiles did lull them asleep with flattery, and the choke plant did choke the seed of the word that they might not grow neither did they multiply nor bear fruit."
"Verse 7: You will not come where I am, and I am not coming where you are!"
"Verse 7: For none of us lives to himself, and none of us dies to himself."
"Verse 7. They answered, ""You walk, and you love, and you have obtained the people's acceptance, and their praise, and you are called Rabbi;"
"Verse 8: Are the servants ready? I have already invited the guests, but you do not come."
"Verse 8: For three months he preached boldly, arguing persuasively about the kingdom of God."
"Verse 8: And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night."
"Verse 8. For he has caused the people to stumble, and they, being indigenous, are possessed, but they have never valued God."
"Verse 8: Great difficulties and challenges, did they achieve a fair haven when they arrived near the city of Lasea?"
"Verse 8. For if we suppose that by encouraging the rest to give generously, then we are also motivated to do so. If we assume that giving is a big thing, then it must be true. Suppose God has already given us the ability to be responsible for our actions, and we have a responsibility to use our gifts to help others, which brings joy to them."
"Verse 8. You, who are near the house of the promiscuous woman, do not stroll slowly past her house."
"Verse 9. I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer from the blasphemies of those who claim to be Jews but are not, because they are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: As they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: Do they work for you, because you bless them? Does the one who gives life and breath and everything else come from your hand? You have made the nations and the peoples to be; you wilt be their judge, being the one who is called the Father of all."
"Verse 9: That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, saying, None have seen, none have heard, neither has it entered into the heart of man, the things which God has prepared for them that love him."
"Verse 9. Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Or do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God? Don't you know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God?  Reconstructed sentence:  Don't you know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Now, I say to you, don't you know? If you desire to go back to the world, your soul will be useless, and you will become a slave again; is that what you want?"
"Verse 9. He refuses to help me. Who are you that I should serve you? You are my helper, do not leave me now, will you abandon me? You are my deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Do you people deal falsely with one another, and not walk in truth or sincerity? Each of you has been guilty of sin from his youth; and all of you have done evil, acting according to your own whims and fancies."
"Verse 9: Half of them, all peoples, generations, languages, nations, will gaze on their flesh. They will be the ones who pierced him, and all the tribes of the earth will mourn over him."
"Verse 9. My prayer is not for the world, but for those you have given me, because they belong to you."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife, except for immorality, and marries another woman commits adultery, and he who marries a divorced woman commits adultery."
"Verse 9. I, the Lord, was filled with powerful anger, but I did not destroy Israel completely. Why? For the Lord is God, and there is no one like him, no small or insignificant person. I, the Holy One, live among you, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9: He who has ears to hear, let him hear, and understand."
"Verse 9: She favors the widow who is at least sixty years old, and has been faithful to her husband."
"Verse 9: Do people look like they do? Yes! Do persons appear as they seem, but the beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we shall not perish?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve, these two. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, ""To thy seed will I give this land"", and there builded he an altar unto the Lord, who appeared unto him."
"And the Lord appeared unto her the same night, and said, ""I am the God of Abraham your father. Fear not, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"See, I have set before you this day life and good, death and evil; listen to the commandments of Yahweh your God. I command you today to love Yahweh your God, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commandments."
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
And God separated the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
"For God knows that in the day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first knowledge, receive, then next combat, and numerous persons that one more delivered."
"After all, ignorance destroys the ability to learn and the mouth spoke concerning reckless actions."
"That which shall happen when he sees that the experience is certainly not with us, that you will direct death: and your servants shall bring down the grey hair of your servant our father with anguish to the tomb."
"The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
