"For the person and for the family of God. For the class. Our safe place is God, God healed, in troubles God, we trust."
"He who despises his parents' instruction, but considers wisdom, is he accurate?"
"Assume it is well, then the righteous will inherit the land and the beloved of the Lord will dwell in it, but the wicked will be cut off, and the sinners will be no more,  or alternatively: Suppose it is well, then the righteous shall be left to inherit it for your grandchildren, and the beloved of the wicked shall present them a gift."
"An anxious man comes opposed to women, nor will the anxious person strike people."
"You assume knowledge, but he who left them there ruins them."
"And Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth,"
"The word became Jesus. Jesus was baptized, and while he was baptizing Israel, the heavens opened. The Holy Spirit descended on him in the form of a dove, and a voice came from heaven saying, ""This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."" He lives forever."
"Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was called Zerah."
"The family of the poor, he left them. Do they despise their friends on the left side? They are distant. They chases talk, but they are not coming."
Deaf education makes it possible to teach these deaf individuals. They ought to recognize alike language that spreads throughout the community. This will lead to a successful future and achievement.
"There is a flame, suppose an addition of more wood than charcoal, then the flame becomes larger. It's the same if there are individuals who bring about terrible things, because you do not have peaceful intentions."
"As the door,  and that which is similar to a lazy person who lies in bed, .  However, considering typical sentence structure, it's more likely: The door, and that which is like a lazy person, lies in bed, and so on."
"Upon the children, shall we interlace, and need to punish? But although persons are opposed, punishment will be large."
My voice is not heard by my son.
"I am soft, that I might not kill towards murder. I am, for I am gentle. A hundredth: it ruins fruit. You. Remember."
"But think on me when it shall be well with you, and show kindness, I pray you, to me, and make mention of me to Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house."
The cat is white.
"The Paris school today, however, now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a school at Paris on the way named after Réu? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Does she really believe that! Suppose she assumes he believes her, assist me, I truly need help, can you help me, please!"
"However, the rocket failed. The company will maintain the rocket system, which is a majority project of Elon Musk, and he ought to resolve the issues."
"But what about the many who are opposed to it? Who is most opposed to, the deaf who consider themselves this way? , the deaf who are not aware of their own feelings, do I understand them? ."
"And you said, ""We have endured our transportation, and we will go, and I will go before him."""
"Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gained in the land of Canaan, and went to a land away from his brother Jacob."
John 6:63.
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him, for this we say to you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep, for the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first."
"For my sake, do not leave, transportation is far."
John 5:20.
John 1:16.
"Then you go to meet these two in the law. The daughter's husband. Lot said, ""Here, leave the town, for why does God destroy it?"" But these two listened to Lot as a joke."
"And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Happy Birthday!
The harvest will be gathered.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""The Hebrews have taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's, he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And also her eyes, and gaze, and look, and see three women near her: and when she saw them, she ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
John 3:30.
"And you arose that night, and took your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed over the ford of the Jabbok River, where there was little water."
"His disciples asked him continually, ""Until now, what time is it that you believe?"" and they asked,  ""What do you ask?"" The disciple replied, ""Not yet, no perception."
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
John 3:29
"What is the meaning of this, and why is it so? Is it not a question of great importance?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"Your brother and your mother say, ""Let her stay with us a few days, at least ten, and then you can go."""
"And I said to my officials, ""If the men follow me, ..."
"I listened to the school, and, and. . I  ."
John 5:34.
"And also, moreover, of her son, the son of her female slave, I will make a nation, because she is your seed."
"Attention, be familiar with the future awful judgment of His wrath. First, I, the Lord, will send a prophet named Elijah in the future."
"Assume he has knowledge, that one has rights, but assume he has none, he suffers alone."
In John 1:4.
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
Ishmael was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
"And that came to pass, as she came to him by the way, that he took her and lay with her, and she became pregnant: And she said, ""How I was hated, since thou hast been more upright in birth than I, for it happened when I had my first child, and now you have had your first child too?"" Thus his name was called Perez."
"And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot dwelt."
"And it happened, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."""
"And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, ""Go again, buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, a small house with peace or a big house with a spouse to fight with?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well do not need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing."" Next, the soldiers divided his clothes among them by casting lots. How can it be determined who wrote this, and put it in a jar, and how did the original get out?"
John 5:19.
"And Jokshan fathered Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"And Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father, and the physicians embalmed Israel."
"Laban said to him, ""You are my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between you and me this day."" Therefore the name of it was called Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you have fallen into a snare, while I escaped."
"She has endured, and your blessings, and that which she has, you all have enjoyed."
Make mine different
John 1:94.
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age, and he made him a coat of many colors."
"Now the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and embraced them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, take your sword, your quiver, and your bow, and go out to the field, and hunt me some game."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Verse 95:6. We will come into his presence with thanksgiving, and we will bow down and worship."
Picasso has artwork to train.
"Desire to instruct, not silver, is better compared to California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"Now, I have two daughters who have not known a man; let me bring them out to you, and you can do to them as you like. It's just that you must do nothing to these men, for they have come under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. Their road changed, changed, and they realized their left."
"Shem lived after he fathered Arphaxad five hundred years, and had other sons and daughters."
"That one is aware that hell and the tomb will never be filled, similar to the situation concerning people who have previously, never ever."
"And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon."
"What is this thing? . It is a mystery. . I do not know. . The answer is unclear, it seems, somehow. . Yes, indeed, "
"The sentence is not provided, please provide the decomposition of the sentence to reconstruct it.  However, based on your previous message ""john|john the apostle # 6|six # comma|pause # verse|poem # 52|fifty-two # full stop#."", I can try to reconstruct a sentence related to that. John 6, verse 52."
"Assume a person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to make a pledge or pay money or anything."
Thank you for coming to instruct in the written signal.
"the city, and the towns, and the villages,"
"And the women asked him, ""Did he tell you this, or do you suppose you know that the Lord has done this, and whose journey was successful, or not?"
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself."""
John 7:20.
"Take butter, and milk, and the calf which you have prepared, and put it before them, and stand by under the tree, and they will eat. And you will be under the trees."
"The word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And your servant ran to meet you, and said, ""I have suffered much, I pray you, drink a little water from your hand that you have poured."
"Verse 19: And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered."
"The water calmed down, coming from the turned-off springs of the earth, and continued, and later, see fifty days, the water..."
"And the Hebrews said to their relatives and to all who were with them, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you, and purify yourselves and change your garments."
"And they both had dreams in one night, each woman having her own dream, and each woman having her own interpretation of the dreams. The cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison, were there."
"And you shall give unto them all the strange gods which are in their hand, and all their earrings which are in their ears? And they hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
John 2:11.
"Verse: Well. He says that no one is correct, not one."
"Verse 1: What shall we do? This is a crucial matter, and it will not be easy to decide. Then the hostess saw them and went over to say, ""We have a better place for you!"" And then you had the honor of being seated in the front of all the other guests."
"Verse: This is good. Because the angels watch, women ought to have a sign of authority on their heads."
"Verse 10. My prophets I have sent to you, and I have warned you with many visions and through the prophets."
"Verse 1: Now there were dwelling in Jerusalem Jews, devout men from every nation under heaven, including Parthians and Medes and Elamites and residents of Mesopotamia, Judea and Cappadocia, Pontus and Asia, Phrygia and Pamphylia, Egypt and the parts of Libya belonging to Cyrene, and visitors from Rome, both Jews and proselytes, Cretans and Arabians, we hear them telling in our own tongues the mighty works of God."
"Verse 10. But the angel said, ""Do not be afraid! I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people."
"Verse 1: Yes, my parents, the Lord God is near me."
"Verse 1: Good. Or, nor govern, Paul proceeded to speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that up until now, for many years you have judged the occupation of the Hebrew trade, and I am happy to block it, I suggest this before."""
"Verse 1: Shall we accept good from God, and not trouble? Where did this evil come from, and there was no plague near."
"Verse 1: But I speak this to your shame, for it is a shame that you need to be told not to cheat or sin or act like idolaters. Should we leave the world because of this?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, your neighbors and your relatives will need to be taught, for everyone at least is crucial, and the future will be aware of me."
"Verse 11: Now Christ has come as the high priest of all the good things that are already here, and he has entered heaven itself to appear before God on our behalf. Isn't he much greater than the angels, since he has inherited a name that is far more excellent than theirs? For to which of the angels did God ever say, ""You are my Son; today I have become your Father""? Or again, ""I will be his Father, and he will be my Son""? And again, when God brings his firstborn into the world, he says, ""Let all God's angels worship him."" In speaking of the angels he says, ""He makes his angels spirits, and his servants flames of fire."" But about the Son he says, ""Your throne, O God, will last for ever and ever; a scepter of justice will be the scepter of your kingdom. You have loved righteousness and hated wickedness; therefore God, your God, has set you above your companions by anointing you with the oil of joy."" He also says, ""In the beginning, Lord, you laid the foundations of the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands. They will perish, but you remain; they will all wear out like a garment. You will roll them up like a robe; like a garment they will be changed. But you remain the same, and your years will never end."""
"Verse 11. Now, the things you start, you should finish. Are you enthusiastic? Now you are eager to give, let it be with enthusiasm in the same way. How can your giving be associated with what you have?"
"Verse 11. But you say, ""If a man says to his father or mother, 'Whatever you might have gained from me is Corban'"" (that is, a gift), I can't help him. What will be your gift when you have completed the pledge you made as a present?"
"Verse 11. He says, ""You shall not commit adultery"", God also says, ""You shall not murder"". So if you kill something, but do not commit infidelity, still, you have broken the law."
"Verse 11. Here is the message, up to now you have heard: We should love one another."
"Verse 11: God, the Lord of the people, truly happens to them, does he fall and destroy? They did not obey, so the Gentiles, whom God had previously made able to deliver, were delivered. But God desires that his people become jealous, doesn't he, in order to receive them for himself?"
"Verse 11. Nor do I see any other creature in all the earth like him, having two horns like a lamb, but speaking like a dragon."
"Verse 11. Furthermore, I inform you, people of the Gentiles, that the whole world from east to west will come and sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where will you sit?"
"Verse 57. Nor did Jesus, nor did He thank God, then give generously. Finished, accomplished, same. The people were satisfied."
"Verse 11. Well, that rest, let us enter into. But if we disobey, just as the Israelites disobeyed, then we will fall."
"Verse 11. Moreover, our enemies said, ""We will overcome them,"" and they knew what was happening, for we were working, and you knew, and behold, your work."
"Verse 11. He who testifies to these things says, ""Yes, I am coming quickly."" Amen. Come, Lord Jesus."
Verse 11: They overcame him because of the Lamb’s blood and because of their testimony. They did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. Have I already been bereaved of my children, and shall I be blessed? My mourning clothes, have you already removed them, instead, why are you feasting, which is a time for joy?"
"Verse 11. In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ, however not from the flesh. He does the circumcision of the spirit, intending to cut off their indigenous transgressions which God threw away."
"Verse 12. That caused the Lord to say, ""Now I have had time."" He has their hearts. How did he come?"
"Verse 12. The three beasts, their power was taken away, but they were allowed to live for a longer period of time."
"Verse 12: For the sake of patience, and that you may be attracted to folks' sufferings, blessed is the patient. Has the living received a crown after having accomplished, or did people previously adore God?"
"Verse 12. He said to them, ""My associates, I am perplexed; tell me. If you can interpret festivals, my perplexity will be cleared, and I will give you thirty fine linen coats and thirty fine vests."""
Verse 12: Thus the band of soldiers and their captain and the officers of the Jews arrested Jesus and bound him.
"Verse 12. The fleshed meat was for the men, moreover the animal was for their associates at Etam. The completely filled burrows of animals eating, their burrows were completely filled, and they stole."
"Verse 12: Nor did any of the disciples ask him, ""What do you mean by this?"" when he said this, as he was a Pharisee? Did you cause them to question?"
"Verse 12. He will recognize you in the future, and this will reveal, and the babe will be a witness to the future, for the infant is one of these babes."
"Verse 12. We live by working with our hands, and our hands are weary. Shall we be blessed by you? We receive abuse, shall we be patient with you?"
"Verse 13. The name of the third is Sinai, you came, and your voices were heard, you guys. You all did what, which, just, equal, furthermore, the law, commands, are good.  However, a more coherent reconstruction would be: Verse 13. At Sinai, you arrived, and God spoke to you, saying: ""What is just and equal? Furthermore, the law and its commands are good."""
"Verse 13. Your life attracts the rest of the people to experience the same. ... . ... . Patience cannot be had, God did not suffer. When temptation occurs, God reveals a way to testify, so you can be patient."
"Verse 13. When did you go to visit your brothers, whom do you seek? Did you come to see them, or is it something else that you are looking for among them?"
"Verse 13. One who goes about as a talebearer reveals secrets, but one who is trustworthy in spirit keeps a secret."
"Verse 13. The servant ran to meet her and said, ""Please let me have a little water from your jar."""
"Verse 13. All the disciples, you who are followers of Christ,  and the twelve."
"Verse 13. When a gentle south wind began to blow, the sailors thought they had obtained what they wanted, so they weighed anchor and sailed along Crete, close to the shore."
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall that it was because of a bodily illness that I preached the gospel to you at first."
"Verse 14: What sign show you to us, seeing that you do these things? The disciples of John and of the Pharisees were fasting, then they come and say to him, ""Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but your disciples don't fast?"" Who has summoned the maidens that you have already sent away, for they had already received their pay?"
"Verse 14. But their people said, ""Who are you that you should reign over us? We don't want you to be our king."""
"Verse 14: Do people really eat to live, or do they live to eat? Training is needed to have the ability to discern, however, between what is right and what is wrong."
"Verse 14. Your greatest men will not escape, and the weak among you will become warriors, yes, the wounded will be delivered, and they will deliver themselves."
"Verse 14. Shall we live with them in peace? Can a person live with them in holiness? You are not holy, Lord, and we will not see you."
"Verse 14: What shall I do, for God will take me, nonetheless, and if He receives it from me, He will tell you."
"Verse 14. Will she have joy, will she be born?"
"Verse 14. Then it was announced and determined. The men, whom I previously informed about, are the ones who lead the mutiny around you. Have you already completed the test related to them? Are you innocent?"
"Verse 15: Even though Jesus himself testified about their power, then what can they say? Do you hear them preaching? They want to be healed."
"Verse 15. Now the company of those who believed were of one heart and soul, and Peter and John said, ""What are we to do with him?"" as they discussed this matter among themselves."
"Verse 15. If you are circumcised, or if you are not circumcised, what does it matter? Suppose we become a new creation?"
"Verse 15. The wicked flee when no man pursues, but the righteous are bold as a lion, for they shall surely be justified. For the Lord is on the side of the armed forces, and He will show mercy to His people who remain."
"Verse 15. What shall we do to these men, should we dispatch them? We have previously performed no punishment that requires death."
"Verse 15. I no longer call you slaves, but friends, because I have told you everything I heard from my Father."
"Verse 15. Thank you for the great and wonderful gift, it's indescribable!"
"Verse 15. I, with my wisdom, women, have finished my attempt to find the right word, but you cannot act with purpose."
"Verse 15. ...our... , his name you're ... complete ... proceed honour? how, his people her Egypt, you all grab with big signs strong. ... We us complete sin? We us filled wicked.  Reconstructed sentence:  Our Lord, why do your people suffer in Egypt? How can this be, when you have shown them great and powerful signs? Have we finished sinning? Are we completely filled with evil?"
"Verse 15. The Lord is with you, begin to build the sanctuary, that the Lord may dwell among you."
"Verse 15. They stayed there until the death of Herod. This was to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet: ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16: Now, my dear brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. And great fear came upon them, Is this not the Christ? Say they, a great prophet is risen up among us, and, God hath visited his people."
"Verse 16. He who has ears to hear, let him hear, and whoever has a heart that is willing to pay attention to the people of Israel, will do so."
"Verse 16. The Lord said, ""When that day comes, you will call me 'my husband', and no longer 'my master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to them, ""But who do you say that I am?"" Simon Peter answered and said, ""You are the Christ,"""
"Verse 16. She is filled with pleasure, joyful, and owns her own honour."
"Verse 16. That night, the disciples were on the lake, and Jesus was not with them, waiting for Jesus."
Verse 17. But he who is joined to the Lord is one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But it happened to her, however, that she took a comb and washed her face."
"Verse 17. Jesus asked, ""I previously healed someone, didn't I?"" 9, Where?"
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious children, and I have one more request. You have already been instructed in the opposite, which causes divisions among people of faith, and I warn you, so beware. You."
"Verse 17. This became known to all, both Jews and Greeks, who lived in Ephesus, and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified, and the name of the Lord Jesus was made awesome, or did the city hold the Lord Jesus' name in holy honour?"
Verse 17: Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18: Doesn't he know that when an ox is walking, it should tread out the grain? He shouldn't stop it. In some places, people work and they should get their wages!"
"Verse 18. It will be said of you that you have become like them, but I will not think about it again; these things will not happen to you."
"Verse 18. Shortly, will it be asked? Is this an amazing thing? It certainly becomes so."
"Verse 18. The wicked earns wages to put them aside for a moment, however, the righteous gives and has enough."
Verse 19. Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19. He who loves me will be kept by my Father, but he who does not love me will not be disciplined, so how can you say you are not concerned, why are you indifferent?"
But Mary treasured all these things and pondered them in her heart.
"Verse 19. Jesus asked her, ""What is your husband's name?"" She said, ""I don't have a husband."" Jesus said, ""You are right when you say you haven't got a husband."
"Verse 19. He who sees a dream becomes pleased, but the foolish will not turn from his evil way to receive."
"Verse 19. What is this? Do you remove the tiles from up above, the roof? When they had finished, the men lowered the sick man, lying on it, and they lowered him down in front of Jesus."
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind will come at your command, and it will be gone. Your idolatrous sacrifices will bring you shame."
"Chapter 2. Thus you priests, decree this for yourselves!"
"Thirty. Lord, why are you exalted? Because you have already delivered me. My enemy refuses, you have suffered, you have conquered me."
"Chapter 6. And he left that part of the country, Nazareth, their hometown, and again went with his disciples."
"Chapter 2. My watchtower, I will go up to it and stand on my secure places. I will wait and see what the Lord will say to me, and how He will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1: This letter is from Paul, a servant of God, who has been prepared by God to be a follower of Jesus Christ. I am writing to you, holy people of God, who have been called to be followers of Jesus Christ, and to all of you who also have faith in Christ Jesus."
"Verse 1: The Elder, to the beloved Gaius, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20. Behold! Someone is knocking. If you hear my voice, open the door, then I will enter and we will share a meal together like friends."
"Verse 20. The words of the wise are like sterling silver, but the heart of a fool is worthless."
"Verse 20. Yes, for the day of the Lord is darkness, and not light, a day of gloom with no brightness in it, yet even in this, there is a little joy, then comes hope."
"Verse 20. But are you not the same? Why then, is one holy and the other not? Has not one God created her? Why then are you asking me this? Are you not all acquainted with this?"
"Verse 20: Does our law judge a man before it hears him and knows what he is doing? They cried out, ""Crucify him, crucify him."""
"When men finish dying, where are they? Shall the dust praise You? Shall it declare Your truth? Shall it tell of Your faithfulness to men? Shall it make Your wonders known in the place of destruction? Shall the dead rise and praise You? Shall Your lovingkindness be declared in the grave, or Your faithfulness in the place of destruction? Shall Your wonders be known in the dark, and Your righteousness in the land of forgetfulness? But I will hope continually, and will praise You yet more and more. Shall it be told to men of my troubles, and can another answer for me, or shall I go down to the gates of Hades, and shall I have rest with him who has gone down to the dust? Shall we take sweet counsel together, and walk to the house of God in the company of those who keep holy day?"
"Verse 21: For he has made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."
"Verse  : Call to him, Oh! Oh! that they may enter into your presence. ,  Are the works of my Father truly the plan of God? Will you enter?"
"Verse 21: But when I depart, I will send him to you. And when he arrives, if he finds anything, then I also, who am now being examined, will be justified, or else, if not, I will sail to Ephesus."
"Verse ?. This rule teaches merely about the flesh, but we, ?, it becomes worse."
"Verse 41: Are the Gentiles, who do not know the law, living like this? He comes and goes, moves and asks, saying to me, ""Oh, you are a descendant of David!"" She is his daughter, but how can he dominate her? Is she oppressed?"
"Verse 22: Does one become more strong by preaching? Is Christ surely the Savior, and can the Hebrews of Damascus not be wrong about who you are?"
Verse 22. Will there be a time when I will take revenge? Is the word of the prophecies to be fulfilled?
"Verse: He replied, ""I am not,"" and I said, ""I am not either, I have finished."
"Verse 22. Do. They will certainly hear you when you have finished speaking, and then come to me."
"Verse 23: His lord said to him, ""Well done, good and faithful servant; you have been faithful over a few things, I will make you ruler over many things. Enter into the joy of your lord."" Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23. Wisdom is shown by the people who have it, but fools announce their foolishness."
"Verse 23. What is crucial to you, who are you, what is crucial to you?"
"Verse 23. Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him, and he started to sail."
"Verse 23. But does he know what will happen? Has he made preparations beforehand? Will it happen to Jesus, who is known to be betrayed? However, this is opposite to the law and does not provide assistance, and you guys do not know who you are."
"Verse 24. The glory to God, because of me, is at its highest point, ninety."
"Verse 24. I called, and you did not come, but you did not achieve, however you did not reach."
"Verse 24. I also have been strengthened by the Lord, and there are two of you with me."
"Verse 24. And, the word of God continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased."
Verse 24: Let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds.
"Verse 24. Matthat, comma, your father, dad, was Matthat. Levi, comma, their left side, father, dad, was Veil. Melki, comma, your father, dad, was Melki. Jannai, comma, their left side, father, dad, was Jannai. Joseph, comma, your father, dad, was unknown."
"Verse 25. But however did he inform, towards, at that time, living, towards desire? Did he have nothing? Does she change existence? Does he exist?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers souls, but a false witness is deceitful."
"Verse 25: Now concerning the believers, you should act as we previously instructed in the letter: Should you suggest eating idols or icons, can you consume them? Then, should you drink blood, and eat flesh of animals that have been strangled, also should you engage in sexual intercourse and sin?"
"Verse 25. Now half of the people were drunk, and you demand, , , to us, we enjoy! Well, good prison, you bring her out for you to enjoy, between the pillars that support the roof up there, you , who stand."
"Verse 26. If it is to be, then let them be compared with other people's children. Your parents, let them be, and so on, yes, moreover, their left side lives. If not, then do not let it become mine."
"Verse 26. Why do you still go out to battle, you men of Israel? Have you seen how the Israelites are killing each other? Try to make peace. He says, ""You are brethren, why do you fight one another?"""
"Verse 26: Furthermore, I know that you are familiar with these things, and I speak boldly to you because I am certain that these events have occurred among you. Don't they happen?!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The kingdom is like a man who casts seed upon the soil;"
"Verse 26. But our God is in the heavens, and He does as He wishes, and we do not know what god you are talking about, or what kind of prayer to make to him. Although he is holy, how can we know what words to use, or what reason to give for making our request?"
"Verse 26. It is good that you said, ""Let us set the matter before the people,"" but you have failed to do so; instead, their wisdom has astonished you and left you speechless."
"Verse 26: Then Saul, still breathing threats and murder against the disciples of the Lord, went to the high priest and asked him for letters to the synagogues at Damascus, so that if he found any who belonged to the Way, whether men or women, he might bring them bound to Jerusalem. Now there was a disciple at Damascus named Ananias; and to him the Lord said in a vision, ""Ananias!"" And he said, ""Here I am, Lord."" And the Lord said to him, ""Rise and go to the street called Straight, and inquire at the house of Judas for a man from Tarsus named Saul, for behold, he is praying, and he has seen a man named Ananias come and lay his hands on him so that he might regain his sight."" But Ananias answered, ""Lord, I have heard from many about this man, how much evil he has done to your saints at Jerusalem; and here he has authority from the chief priests to bind all who call upon your name."" But the Lord said to him, ""Go, for he is a chosen instrument of mine to carry my name before the Gentiles and kings and the sons of Israel; for I will show him how much he must suffer for the sake of my name."" So Ananias departed and entered the house. And laying his hands on him he said, ""Brother Saul, the Lord Jesus who appeared to you on the road by which you came, has sent me that you may regain your sight and be filled with the Holy Spirit."" And immediately something like scales fell from his eyes and he regained his sight. Then he rose and was baptized, and took food and was strengthened.  However based on provided text  Verse 26: There, Saul arrived, did you try to assemble with the believers? You guys are afraid of who? You, who do not believe, will surely become a believer!"
"Verse 26. What has happened that you have assembled in this way, and why are you disturbing the city, and who are you that I should grant your request? Are you a Roman citizen?"
"Verse 27: Shall I proceed to meet the Ethiopian? Is it a eunuch who has great authority under Kandake, queen of Ethiopia? Has he finished going to Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27. What was the purpose of his coming, did he intend to finish? He finished, didn't he? She did not."
Verse 28. The great God has surely revealed to the king what will happen in the future. Now I will tell you the dream and the visions I had while you were sleeping.
"Verse 28. Have they had five? Does she desire to warn these, that these do not come into existence in terrible places of suffering."
"Verse 2. Mordecai achieved great success, and moreover, the story of Mordecai was completed, and the king promoted her; all this was written in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2: Let our father, and Jesus Christ, be glorified, and give peace."
"Verse 2. And you know that Aquila, a Jew born in Pontus, had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla, because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome."
"Verse 2. Well, you who teach others, will you not teach yourself?"
"Verse 2: Now the woman was a widow, and she had no one to help her. What can I do for you? She said, Two small copper coins."
"Verse 2: My father has many rooms, I go to prepare a place for you. If I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, that where I am you may be also."
"Verse 2. The people say, ""The future will never be delivered!"""
"Verse 2: Shall I look to God for my help, from the Lord who created heaven and earth?"
"Verse 2: But in a little while the time came for the Hebrew festival of the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2. Who among the gods is like you, Lord? Who is like you— majestic in holiness, awesome in glory, working wonders? You should ask, ""What is the reason?"" unless I speak, there will be many people."
"Verse 31. But even though my father has demanded it of me, will the world to come know that I love my father? ..., and we departed."
"Verse 31. I led the elders and went to the top of the wall, where two large choirs were established to thank God. One choir proceeded in a northerly direction on top of the wall, toward the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32. But the time is near, and it will happen to you today, you will be scattered, each one to his own place, will you leave me alone? I am not alone, because the Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery is revealed, but what does it reveal? It testifies to what Christ suffered for the church, one."
Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the people as much as they could understand.
"Verse 34: And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: What do you mean by this parable that you tell the people, which is against the law, and which commands the majority to ask a question?"
"Verse 73: They told Jesus, ""The Nazarene."""
"Verse 83. But when the son came, the farmers said to one another, ""This is about him, isn't it?"" They asked each other, ""What will happen now? Will he allow us to receive what's coming to us?"""
"Verse 83. Is this the signature of Isaiah? Is this where the definitive prophecy of Isaiah ends? It informs, and finishes, but is this what it believes to query? God has a powerful arm, but does God finish, or is this a query?"
"Verse 93: If the man of the house had known at what hour the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93: Nor did Jesus tell the world that I came to judge it, but to heal it, and that the blind should see; then those who claim to see will be proved blind."
"Verse 93: Then Philip was caught away by the Spirit of the Lord, and the eunuch saw him no more; and he went on his way rejoicing. But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing through he preached in all the cities, till he came to Caesarea."
"Verse 3: But, brethren, I have confidence in you, that you will think differently, and that he who troubles you will bear his judgment, whoever he is. And my boasting in you to them, I don't want to be shamed."
"Verse 3: And he threw his stick into a pile, and set it on the fire. Did a snake come out because of the heat? Paul shook off the snake into the fire."
"Verse 3: By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, unless they are agreed?"
"Verse 3: Good, I beseech the Lord, speaking and praying, and fasting. Also, I wore coarse garments of burlap; should I put on ashes?"
"Verse 3: If they ask you, ""What shall we do?"" you shall say to them, ""Thus says the Lord: 'Do this and you will live, or else...' Should you again bring forth?"
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, and Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Now Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples, was possessed by Satan,"
"Verse 3: Is it well that ye do after the abominations of those in Jerusalem, for the king and his princes, his wives and their daughters to drink out of them?"
"Verse 3. At that time, the book of the Law of the Lord your God was read, and you listened, and you continued. When you finished, three more were added to your sinning against God, will you admit, and worship the Lord your God."
"Verse 3. Is the Lord among us, or not? If He is with us, why has all this happened to us? But if we don't have Him, will we not be delivered and prosper?"
"Verse 40. How terribly will it be for the prophets who have spoken to you! The prophets suffered for speaking God's word to you, says,"
"Verse 40: But as for me, whoever sits at my right hand or at my left is not for me to say, but it will be for those for whom it has been prepared by my Father."
"Verse 42. It spreads around the town, and many people believe in the Lord."
Verse 42: For you ordered us to preach to the people and to testify that he is the one appointed by God to be judge of the living and the dead.
"Verse 42. Nor does your appearance look like that of her, and on her left hand she entered into the kingdom, I said."
"Verse 42: Nor did Jesus ask him, but he previously asked you guys, and you guys already queried. The construction workers didn't finish, and the stone becomes the corner rock. This is God's action, a great sight?"
"Verse. Then the dishonest soul says, ""I have previously left"", and it will go again. So it goes again, to what place now, bare, sweeps previously."
"Verse 8. I will crush them to dust, and their children with them. Are there any enemies who have no remainder, one rock left in place? For your opportunity was delivered to you, but you did not obtain it."
"Verse 54: Thus it happened, I speak the truth, but you don't believe me!"
"Verse 54. Then the spirit came to another, and said, ""Are you more corrupt than the person you are talking about? You who condemn others for all their sins, are you not guilty of the same things? So when you judge others, you condemn yourself, for you do the same things. This sin, which is so wicked, will be known to all."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer you, I will destroy you, I will behead your heads. Your women will die, their bodies I will give to all the birds and beasts, that all may know that God is in Israel!"
"Verse 46. Shall we again repeat the question, Does none know? Shall we again ask, Who is the servant that will come? Will he come, and the people not have faith, for they have not joined you?"
"Verse 74. They mock and speak, saying, ""Shall we also be questioned?"""
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""You would betray the Son of Man, wouldn't you?"
"Verse 84: Shall the king do, or high places to Daniel? numerous gifts made him wealthy. He made Daniel a ruler about every place, moreover their wisdom, them, and he becomes official on them."
"Verse 4. If you become famous, what wonderful events can you achieve, then what? He himself!"
"Verse 4. Let us allow them to grow, for in doing so their patience will be fully developed, and then you will be complete, having lacked nothing."
Verse 4. You have had a full pleasure in the Lord!
"Verse 4. But my precious children, according to the covenant, you guys, you guys are conquered? Why, since the living spirit is inside you guys, and the living spirit is inside the world, whom can defeat?"
"Verse 4: They came to the house of the Lord, and said, ""Is the Lord's presence with us or not?"" Previously it had been, but now you have brought us and our fathers great honour."
"Verse 4: What addition is this that you have now given? But he, what has he given? Everything that he has, has he given?"
"Verse 50: I know that God orders my steps, shall I not trust him though my father tells me, ""I say"","
"Verse 51. Then they arrived, and Jesus suffered only with those who followed him, namely Peter, John, James, and the child's parents."
"Verse 53. They did not arrest him, because he was in the temple. He was there. However, today is their time, and the powers of darkness control."
"Verse 54: Nor shall our bodies be changed to corpses, nor shall they ever die, for here death will be swallowed up in victory? Death is swallowed up in victory."
"Verse 85: Thus, have you done only a few miracles for her? Why, since you do not believe."
"Verse 5: What then is the advantage of being a Jew, or what is the value of circumcision? Much in every way. To begin with, the Jews were entrusted with the oracles of God."
"Verse 5. God is in the presence of God, Mount Sinai shakes, the hills melt, the earth trembles, and the people are ruined."
"Verse 5. When Jesus entered Capernaum, a centurion came to him, asking for help."
Verse 5. Do we try to please men? You would not be Christians if you were trying to please men. Our witness is that we do not make mistakes to become friends with them just for their money!
"Verse 5. For pride goes before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall. It blocks us from knowing God, for it destroys our relationship with Him. Does an uprising of thoughts against God catch our attention? Should we submit to Jesus' teachings?"
"Verse 5: But we did not yield for a single moment, so that the truth of the gospel might be preserved for you."
"Verse 76: Or was it to Zerubbabel that you were a servant, when he became filled with the Holy Spirit and prophesied, saying...?"
"Verse 6: Since we are children of God, because the Spirit of God's Son has been sent into our hearts, does it cry out ""Abba, Father!""?"
"Verse 6. Hear my prayer, see my prayer, night and day, for your people Israel. I admit that we have sinned against you. Myself and my family, we have sinned!"
"Verse 6: But God, who comforts the depressed, comforted us by the arrival of Titus."
"Verse 6. Now at the feast of the Passover, festivals were being celebrated, it was the governor's custom to release one prisoner, whom the people requested."
"Verse 6: Simon Peter said to Him, ""Lord, do You wash my feet?"" Jesus answered and said to him, ""What I do you do not realize now, but you will understand hereafter."""
"Verse 6: But we are confident, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord."
"Verse 6: I cry out to God with my voice, even to the Lord, with my voice; and He hears all my troubles, for God has delivered me."
"Verse 6: Nor does the ground spit out Jesus, nor did he make mud, or did the blind man's eyes see when Jesus... you.  Reconstructed sentence: Verse 6: Does the earth spit out Jesus, or did he make clay, or did the blind man's eyes see when Jesus... you. However, considering the context of the Bible and the actions typically attributed to Jesus in such scenarios, a more plausible reconstruction would be: Verse 6: Nor does the ground spit out Jesus, nor did he make mud, or did the blind man's eyes see when Jesus anointed them?  Or even: Verse 6: Does the earth spit out Jesus, or did he make clay, or did the blind man's eyes see when Jesus spat on the ground and anointed them?"
"Verse 6: We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body of sin might be rendered powerless, that we should no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6: For I am also praying for this, that your faith may be a source of strength, and that you will have the power to understand and appreciate all the benefits we have in Christ."
"Verse 73: He has remembered his holy promise, the promise which he made to our father Abraham."
"Verse 7. Oh, will the heavens weep? Will the rainclouds pour down? Does God direct these things? Yes, the people will suffer as He directs. The world and its nations will mourn before Him. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7. Yet if it is true that I have spoken, and God has spoken, then how can God be glorified, if not in this manner?"
"Verse 7. Don't we know that we are of the earth, and that our birth is from it? We didn't bring anything into the world, and we can't take anything out of it when we leave; what happens to us when we depart, similar to, we cannot take whatever we like together?"
"Verse 7. He told its keeper, ""For three years now I have been coming to look for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?"""
"Verse 7. When the people came to dinner, they noticed those who were sitting in the front seats of honor. Jesus saw that and asked, ""Who do you think sat down?"""
"Verse 7. Now my sons, listen to me, and whatever you do, don't stray:"
"Verse 7: And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no grain."
"Verse 7. You will never be able, myself will never be possible! You are here, I will never be able!"
"Verse 7: For a man does not die, but if someone is going to the place of the dead, will they ever live again?"
"Verse 7: And as you walk, you love, and are loved by the people, for they have accepted you as their rabbi."
"Verse 8. Are the servers ready? I have already invited you, but you do not come."
"Verse 8: And Paul went in to them, and for three months he spoke boldly, preaching the kingdom of God and persuading them about Jesus."
"Verse 8: And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night."
"Verse 8: That which caused the people, still being possessed by their native customs, never to appreciate God."
"Verse 8. Were there great difficulties and challenges to achieve a just haven, when they arrived near the town of Lasea?"
"Verse 8. For if we suppose that others are motivated by their gifts, then we are motivated too. If we assume that giving is next, then it will be large. Suppose we assume that God has already given us the ability to do so, you are responsible, then we have a responsibility. We have a gift, and other people are happy."
"Verse 8. The men of the city, who were close to her house, were promiscuous, and they walked slowly past her house on their left side."
"Verse 9: I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer from the blasphemy of those who claim to be Jews but are not, because they are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen, until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9. Do they not work for the one who blesses them? Does he not bless those who have his name, and are called his children?"
"Verse 9: That it may happen, as he says, ""No eye has seen, no ear has heard, and no mind has imagined the things that God has prepared for those who love him."""
"Verse 9: Don't you know? Then I should say, don't you know now? Do you wish to go back to being in bondage to those weak and worthless principles?"
"Psalm 9. For the director of music. To the tune of “The Death of the Son.” Refuses to help me. Will you forget me? Are you my helper? Now leave me, will you desert me? You're my deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Do you deal falsely with one another, while each of you is tainted with the sin of your native land? You have thrown away all the wicked of the land."
"Verse 9: From one man he made every nation of men, that they should inhabit the whole earth; and he determined the times set for them and the exact places where they should live. You were slain, and have redeemed us to God by your blood."
"Verse 9. I pray not for the world, my prayer is for those whom God has given me, since they belong to God."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife and marries another, commits adultery, and if she divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery."
"Verse 9: For I am the Lord your God, and I will not let my holy presence depart from among you.  However a more complete reconstruction would be:   Verse 9: ..., and I was filled with powerful anger, I did not destroy them. Israel has not been destroyed, why then is the Lord our God not with us? For He is our God, and there is no other besides Him. I, the Holy One, live among you, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9: He who has ears to hear, let him hear, and whoever has, should understand."
"Verse 9: She favors the widow who is at least sixty years old, and has been the wife of one husband."
"Verse 9: Do people look the same? Yes! But the beggar continued saying, I am the same!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we might not perish?"
God made clothes for Adam and Eve. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two.
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, ""To your descendants I will give this land."" And there he built an altar to the Lord, who had appeared to him."
"And the Lord appeared to him the same night, and said, ""I am the God of Abraham your father. Do not be afraid, for I am with you and will bless you and multiply your descendants for My servant Abraham's sake."""
"See, I have seen the things, hear me. I hear, you hear."
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
And God separated the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
"For God knows that in the day you eat of the tree of knowledge, or your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to get, then comes combat, and numerous persons are delivered."
"After all, it ruins the study and the mouth that spoke concerning the actions."
"That which shall happen when he sees that the experience is certainly not with us, that you will die: and your maidservants shall bring down the gray hair of your servant our father with sorrow to the grave."
"The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
