"&lt;&lt;For the Chief Musician. By the sons of Korah. According to Alamoth.Alamoth is a musical term.&gt;&gt; God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble."
"A fool despises his father's correction, but he who heeds reproof shows prudence."
"A good man leaves an inheritance to his children's children, but the wealth of the sinner is stored for the righteous."
"A righteous person is delivered out of trouble, and the wicked takes his place."
"A wise king winnows out the wicked, and drives the threshing wheel over them."
"Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth."
After these things he gave them judges until Samuel the prophet.
"Afterward his brother came out, that had the scarlet thread on his hand, and his name was called Zerah."
"All the relatives of the poor shun him: how much more do his friends avoid him! He pursues them with pleas, but they are gone."
"As an educator of the Deaf, I feel that it is a potential additional tool in teaching English to Deaf individuals. American Sign Language (ASL) should be acknowledged as a foreign language in educational institutions. I am confident that Sign Writing will contribute to making this achievable."
"As coals are to hot embers, and wood to fire, so is a contentious man to kindling strife."
"As the door turns on its hinges, so does the sluggard on his bed."
"Behold, the righteous shall be repaid in the earth; how much more the wicked and the sinner!"
"Beside the gates, at the entry of the city, at the entry doors, she cries aloud:"
"But I was like a gentle lamb that is led to the slaughter; and I didn't know that they had devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with its fruit, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name may be no more remembered."
"But remember me when it will be well with you, and please show kindness to me, and make mention of me to Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house."
Cat it white
Charles-Michel de l'Épée
"Coming to the disciples, he saw a great multitude around them, and scribes questioning them."
Elon Musk
"English Gloss Center Lane Fascinating idea? But Deaf all-over many reject SignWriting. Who reject? Most Deaf who themselves highly educated reject. Natural, Deaf who all-over not highly educated tend what? oh-I-see follow them. Yes (nod with head)."
"Esau said, ""Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before you."""
"Esau took his wives, his sons, his daughters, and all the members of his household, with his livestock, all his animals, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan, and went into a land away from his brother Jacob."
"For I have come down from heaven, not to do my own will, but the will of him who sent me."
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so God will bring with him those who have fallen asleep in Jesus."
For my husband isn't at home. He has gone on a long journey.
"For the Father has affection for the Son, and shows him all things that he himself does. He will show him greater works than these, that you may marvel."
From his fullness we all received grace upon grace.
"Genesis 19:14 And Lot went out, and spoke to his sons-in-law, who had married his daughters, and said, 'Get up, get out of this place; for the LORD will destroy this city.' But to his sons-in-law, he seemed like one who mocked."
"God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but her name will be Sarah."
Happy Birthday
Harvest
"He heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""Jacob has taken away all that was our father's. From that which was our father's, has he gotten all this wealth."""
"He lifted up his eyes and looked, and saw that three men stood opposite him. When he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself to the earth,"
"He must increase, but I must decrease."
"He rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two handmaids, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford of the Jabbok."
"He said to them, ""Did you receive the Holy Spirit when you believed?"" They said to him, ""No, we haven't even heard that there is a Holy Spirit."""
"He said, ""Hagar, Sarai's handmaid, where did you come from? Where are you going?"" She said, ""I am fleeing from the face of my mistress Sarai."""
"He who has the bride is the bridegroom; but the friend of the bridegroom, who stands and hears him, rejoices greatly because of the bridegroom's voice. This, my joy, therefore is made full."
Health
"Hello, I am happy to meet you. I am Valerie. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie (with a smile!)"
"Her brother and her mother said, ""Let the young lady stay with us a few days, at least ten. After that she will go."""
"I asked my master, 'What if the woman will not follow me?'"
"I grew up in the California School For The Deaf in Riverside, California. After I graduated in 1981, I attended NTID in New York."
"I have come in my Father's name, and you don't receive me. If another comes in his own name, you will receive him."
"I will also make a nation of the son of the handmaid, because he is your seed."""
"I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against the perjurers, and against those who oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and who deprive the foreigner of justice, and don't fear me,"" says Yahweh of Armies."
"If you are wise, you are wise for yourself. If you mock, you alone will bear it."
"In him was life, and the life was the light of men."
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
"Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin."
"It happened, as he drew back his hand, that behold, his brother came out, and she said, ""Why have you made a breach for yourself?"" Therefore his name was called Perez."
"It happened, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the middle of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot lived."
"It happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and to my country."
"It happened, when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said to them, ""Go again, buy us a little more food."""
"It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than to share a house with a contentious woman."
"Jacob called the name of the place Peniel : for, he said, ""I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."""
"Jesus answered them, ""Those who are healthy have no need for a physician, but those who are sick do."
"Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they are doing."" Dividing his garments among them, they cast lots."
"Jesus therefore answered them, ""Most certainly, I tell you, the Son can do nothing of himself, but what he sees the Father doing. For whatever things he does, these the Son also does likewise."
"Jokshan became the father of Sheba, and Dedan. The sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father; and the physicians embalmed Israel."
"Laban said to him, ""Surely you are my bone and my flesh."" He lived with him for a month."
"Laban said, ""This heap is witness between me and you this day."" Therefore it was named Galeed"
"Let the wicked fall together into their own nets, while I pass by."
Let your spring be blessed. Rejoice in the wife of your youth.
My edits
"Nathanael answered him, ""Rabbi, you are the Son of God! You are King of Israel!"""
"Nicodemus answered him, ""How can these things be?"""
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age, and he made him a coat of many colors."
"Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he couldn't see. He brought them near to him; and he kissed them, and embraced them."
"Now the word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,"
"Now therefore, please take your weapons, your quiver and your bow, and go out to the field, and take me venison."
"Of every living thing of all flesh, you shall bring two of every sort into the ship, to keep them alive with you. They shall be male and female."
"Oh come, let's worship and bow down. Let's kneel before Yahweh, our Maker,"
Picasso
Receive my instruction rather than silver; knowledge rather than choice gold.
Sarai was barren. She had no child.
"See now, I have two virgin daughters. Please let me bring them out to you, and you may do to them what seems good to you. Only don't do anything to these men, because they have come under the shadow of my roof."""
"She gives no thought to the way of life. Her ways are crooked, and she doesn't know it."
"Shem lived five hundred years after he became the father of Arpachshad, and became the father of sons and daughters."
Sheol and Abaddon are never satisfied; and a man's eyes are never satisfied.
"Sign Writing preserves poetry, stories of Deaf cultures, providing written literature for Deaf children to learn to read and write spoken languages, improving their test scores in school."
So all we could do was to sit! Sit! Sit! Sit! And we did not like it. Not one little bit. And then something went bump! How that bump made us jump!
Someone has been eating my porridge!
Take his garment when he puts up collateral for a stranger. Hold it for a wayward woman!
Thank you card
"The house was built high in the mountains on a cliff. How do you get there? Take a long road that winds back and forth until, Wow! you are there."
"The man looked steadfastly at her, remaining silent, to know whether Yahweh had made his journey prosperous or not."
"The man said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself."""
"The multitude answered, ""You have a demon! Who seeks to kill you?"""
"The multitude rose up together against them, and the magistrates tore their clothes off of them, and commanded them to be beaten with rods."
"The news reached the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and took off his royal robe, covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"The servant ran to meet her, and said, ""Please give me a drink, a little water from your pitcher."""
The waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth. All the high mountains that were under the whole sky were covered.
The waters receded from the earth continually. After the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased.
"Then Jacob said to his household, and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you, purify yourselves, change your garments."
"They both dreamed a dream, each man his dream, in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"They gave to Jacob all the foreign gods which were in their hands, and the rings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
"This beginning of his signs Jesus did in Cana of Galilee, and revealed his glory; and his disciples believed in him."
"Verse 10: As it is written, ""There is no one righteous; no, not one."
"Verse 10: But when you are invited, go and sit in the lowest place, so that when he who invited you comes, he may tell you, 'Friend, move up higher.' Then you will be honored in the presence of all who sit at the table with you."
"Verse 10: For this cause the woman ought to have authority on her head, because of the angels."
"Verse 10: I have also spoken to the prophets, and I have multiplied visions; and by the ministry of the prophets I have used parables."
"Verse 10: Phrygia, Pamphylia, Egypt, the parts of Libya around Cyrene, visitors from Rome, both Jews and proselytes,"
"Verse 10: The angel said to them, ""Don't be afraid, for behold, I bring you good news of great joy which will be to all the people."
"Verse 10: When my father and my mother forsake me, then Yahweh will take me up."
"Verse 10: When the governor had beckoned to him to speak, Paul answered, ""Because I know that you have been a judge of this nation for many years, I cheerfully make my defense,"
"Verse 10: no evil shall happen to you, neither shall any plague come near your dwelling."
"Verse 10: yet not at all meaning with the sexual sinners of this world, or with the covetous and extortioners, or with idolaters; for then you would have to leave the world."
"Verse 11. And they will not need to teach their neighbors, nor will they need to teach their relatives, saying, 'You should know the LORD.' For everyone, from the least to the greatest, will know me already."
"Verse 11. So Christ has now become the High Priest over all the good things that have come. He has entered that greater, more perfect Tabernacle in heaven, which was not made by human hands and is not part of this created world."
"Verse 11: But now complete the doing also, that as there was the readiness to be willing, so there may be the completion also out of your ability."
"Verse 11: But you say, 'If a man tells his father or his mother, ""Whatever profit you might have received from me is Corban , that is to say, given to God"";'"
"Verse 11: For he who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not commit murder."" Now if you do not commit adultery, but murder, you have become a transgressor of the law."
"Verse 11: For this is the message which you heard from the beginning, that we should love one another;"
"Verse 11: I ask then, did they stumble that they might fall? May it never be! But by their fall salvation has come to the Gentiles, to provoke them to jealousy."
"Verse 11: I saw another beast coming up out of the earth. He had two horns like a lamb, and he spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11: I tell you that many will come from the east and the west, and will sit down with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in the Kingdom of Heaven,"
"Verse 11: Jesus took the loaves; and having given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to those who were sitting down; likewise also of the fish as much as they desired."
"Verse 11: Let us therefore give diligence to enter into that rest, lest anyone fall after the same example of disobedience."
"Verse 11: Our adversaries said, ""They shall not know, neither see, until we come into their midst, and kill them, and cause the work to cease."""
"Verse 11: The testimony is this, that God gave to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son."
"Verse 11: They overcame him because of the Lamb's blood, and because of the word of their testimony. They didn't love their life, even to death."
"Verse 11: You have turned my mourning into dancing for me. You have removed my sackcloth, and clothed me with gladness,"
"Verse 11: in whom you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, in the putting off of the body of the sins of the flesh, in the circumcision of Christ;"
"Verse 12: ""Yet even now,"" says Yahweh, ""turn to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning."""
"Verse 12: As for the rest of the animals, their dominion was taken away: yet their lives were prolonged for a season and a time."
"Verse 12: Blessed is the man who endures temptation, for when he has been approved, he will receive the crown of life, which the Lord promised to those who love him."
"Verse 12: Samson said to them, ""Let me tell you a riddle now. If you can declare it to me within the seven days of the feast, and find it out, then I will give you thirty linen garments and thirty changes of clothing;"
"Verse 12: So the detachment, the commanding officer, and the officers of the Jews, seized Jesus and bound him,"
"Verse 12: The lion tore in pieces enough for his cubs, and strangled for his lionesses, and filled his caves with the kill, and his dens with prey."
"Verse 12: Then the disciples came, and said to him, ""Do you know that the Pharisees were offended, when they heard this saying?"""
"Verse 12: This is the sign to you: you will find a baby wrapped in strips of cloth, lying in a feeding trough."""
"Verse 12: We toil, working with our own hands. When people curse us, we bless. Being persecuted, we endure."
"Verse 13: ""You came down also on Mount Sinai, and spoke with them from heaven, and gave them right ordinances and true laws, good statutes and commandments,"
"Verse 13: No temptation has taken you except what is common to man. God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted above what you are able, but will with the temptation also make the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it."
"Verse 13: On the second time Joseph was made known to his brothers, and Joseph's race was revealed to Pharaoh."
"Verse 13: One who brings gossip betrays a confidence, but one who is of a trustworthy spirit is one who keeps a secret."
"Verse 13: The hired hand flees because he is a hired hand, and doesn't care for the sheep."
"Verse 13: When it was day, he called his disciples, and from them he chose twelve, whom he also named apostles:"
"Verse 13: When the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, they weighed anchor and sailed along Crete, close to shore."
Verse 13: but you know that because of weakness of the flesh I preached the Good News to you the first time.
"Verse 14: ""For it is like a man, going into another country, who called his own servants, and entrusted his goods to them."
"Verse 14: But his citizens hated him, and sent an envoy after him, saying, 'We don't want this man to reign over us.'"
"Verse 14: But solid food is for those who are full grown, who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern good and evil."
Verse 14: Flight will perish from the swift; and the strong won't strengthen his force; neither shall the mighty deliver himself;
"Verse 14: Follow after peace with all men, and the sanctification without which no man will see the Lord,"
"Verse 14: He will glorify me, for he will take from what is mine, and will declare it to you."
Verse 14: You will have joy and gladness; and many will rejoice at his birth.
"Verse 14: and said to them, ""You brought this man to me as one that perverts the people, and see, I have examined him before you, and found no basis for a charge against this man concerning those things of which you accuse him."
"Verse 15: But the report concerning him spread much more, and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities."
"Verse 15: But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,"
"Verse 15: For in Christ Jesus neither is circumcision anything, nor uncircumcision, but a new creation."
"Verse 15: Hate evil, love good, and establish justice in the courts. It may be that Yahweh, the God of Armies, will be gracious to the remnant of Joseph."""
"Verse 15: Neither has Herod, for I sent you to him, and see, nothing worthy of death has been done by him."
"Verse 15: No longer do I call you servants, for the servant doesn't know what his lord does. But I have called you friends, for everything that I heard from my Father, I have made known to you."
Verse 15: Now thanks be to God for his unspeakable gift!
"Verse 15: Now the wise men, the enchanters, have been brought in before me, that they should read this writing, and make known to me its interpretation; but they could not show the interpretation of the thing."
"Verse 15: Now, Lord our God, who has brought your people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and have gotten yourself renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly."
"Verse 15: Now, please consider from this day and backward, before a stone was laid on a stone in Yahweh's temple."
"Verse 15: and was there until the death of Herod; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet, saying, ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16: Don't be deceived, my beloved brothers."
"Verse 16: Fear took hold of all, and they glorified God, saying, ""A great prophet has arisen among us!"" and, ""God has visited his people!"""
"Verse 16: He will turn many of the children of Israel to the Lord, their God."
"Verse 16: It will be in that day,"" says Yahweh, ""that you will call me 'my husband,' and no longer call me 'my master.'"
"Verse 16: Simon, to whom he gave the name Peter;"
"Verse 16: The Jews had light, gladness, joy, and honor."
"Verse 16: When evening came, his disciples went down to the sea,"
Verse 17: But he who is joined to the Lord is one spirit.
"Verse 17: But you, when you fast, anoint your head, and wash your face;"
"Verse 17: Jesus answered, ""Weren't the ten cleansed? But where are the nine?"
"Verse 17: Now I beg you, brothers, look out for those who are causing the divisions and occasions of stumbling, contrary to the doctrine which you learned, and turn away from them."
"Verse 17: This became known to all, both Jews and Greeks, who lived at Ephesus. Fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified."
"Verse 17: Yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah, and Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights."
"Verse 18: For the Scripture says, ""You shall not muzzle the ox when it treads out the grain."" And, ""The laborer is worthy of his wages."""
"Verse 18: Now some are puffed up, as though I were not coming to you."
Verse 18: The sea was tossed by a great wind blowing.
"Verse 18: Wicked people earn deceitful wages, but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward."
"Verse 19: 'Honor your father and mother.' And, 'You shall love your neighbor as yourself.'"""
"Verse 19: As many as I love, I reprove and chasten. Be zealous therefore, and repent."
"Verse 19: But Mary kept all these sayings, pondering them in her heart."
"Verse 19: Jesus asked him, ""Why do you call me good? No one is good, except one--God."
"Verse 19: Longing fulfilled is sweet to the soul, but fools detest turning from evil."
"Verse 19: Not finding a way to bring him in because of the multitude, they went up to the housetop, and let him down through the tiles with his cot into the midst before Jesus."
Verse 19: The wind has wrapped her up in its wings; and they shall be disappointed because of their sacrifices.
"Verse 1: ""Now, you priests, this commandment is for you."
"Verse 1: &lt;&lt;A Psalm. A Song for the Dedication of the Temple. By David.&gt;&gt; I will extol you, Yahweh, for you have raised me up, and have not made my foes to rejoice over me."
"Verse 1: He went out from there. He came into his own country, and his disciples followed him."
"Verse 1: I will stand at my watch, and set myself on the ramparts, and will look out to see what he will say to me, and what I will answer concerning my complaint."
"Verse 1: Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus through the will of God, to the saints who are at Ephesus, and the faithful in Christ Jesus:"
"Verse 1: The elder to Gaius the beloved, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20: Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, then I will come in to him, and will dine with him, and he with me."
Verse 20: The tongue of the righteous is like choice silver. The heart of the wicked is of little worth.
"Verse 20: Won't the day of Yahweh be darkness, and not light? Even very dark, and no brightness in it?"
"Verse 20: You have an anointing from the Holy One, and you all have knowledge."
"Verse 20: and how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him up to be condemned to death, and crucified him."
"Verse 21: For as the Father raises the dead and gives them life, even so the Son also gives life to whom he desires."
Verse 21: For him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf; so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.
"Verse 21: Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but he who does the will of my Father who is in heaven."
"Verse 21: but taking his leave of them, and saying, ""I must by all means keep this coming feast in Jerusalem, but I will return again to you if God wills,"" he set sail from Ephesus."
"Verse 22: (all of which perish with use), according to the precepts and doctrines of men?"
"Verse 22: Behold, a Canaanite woman came out from those borders, and cried, saying, ""Have mercy on me, Lord, you son of David! My daughter is severely demonized!"""
"Verse 22: But Saul increased more in strength, and confounded the Jews who lived at Damascus, proving that this is the Christ."
"Verse 22: For these are days of vengeance, that all things which are written may be fulfilled."
"Verse 22: Pilate answered, ""What I have written, I have written."""
"Verse 22: What then? The assembly must certainly meet, for they will hear that you have come."
"Verse 23: ""His lord said to him, 'Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful over a few things, I will set you over many things. Enter into the joy of your lord.'"
"Verse 23: A prudent man keeps his knowledge, but the hearts of fools proclaim foolishness."
"Verse 23: Life is more than food, and the body is more than clothing."
"Verse 23: When he got into a boat, his disciples followed him."
"Verse 23: him, being delivered up by the determined counsel and foreknowledge of God, you have taken by the hand of lawless men, crucified and killed;"
Verse 24: And they glorified God in me.
"Verse 24: Because I have called, and you have refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no one has paid attention;"
Verse 24: But I trust in the Lord that I myself also will come shortly.
Verse 24: But the word of God grew and multiplied.
"Verse 24: Let us consider how to provoke one another to love and good works,"
"Verse 24: the son of Matthat, the son of Levi, the son of Melchi, the son of Jannai, the son of Joseph,"
"Verse 25: ""But Abraham said, 'Son, remember that you, in your lifetime, received your good things, and Lazarus, in the same way, bad things. But now here he is comforted and you are in anguish."
"Verse 25: A truthful witness saves souls, but a false witness is deceitful."
"Verse 25: But concerning the Gentiles who believe, we have written our decision that they should observe no such thing, except that they should keep themselves from food offered to idols, from blood, from strangled things, and from sexual immorality."""
"Verse 25: It happened, when their hearts were merry, that they said, ""Call for Samson, that he may entertain us."" They called for Samson out of the prison; and he performed before them. They set him between the pillars;"
"Verse 26: ""If anyone comes to me, and doesn't disregard his own father, mother, wife, children, brothers, and sisters, yes, and his own life also, he can't be my disciple."
"Verse 26: ""The day following, he appeared to them as they fought, and urged them to be at peace again, saying, 'Sirs, you are brothers. Why do you wrong one another?'"
"Verse 26: For the king knows of these things, to whom also I speak freely. For I am persuaded that none of these things is hidden from him, for this has not been done in a corner."
"Verse 26: He said, ""The Kingdom of God is as if a man should cast seed on the earth,"
"Verse 26: In the same way, the Spirit also helps our weaknesses, for we don't know how to pray as we ought. But the Spirit himself makes intercession for us with groanings which can't be uttered."
"Verse 26: They weren't able to trap him in his words before the people. They marveled at his answer, and were silent."
"Verse 26: When Saul had come to Jerusalem, he tried to join himself to the disciples; but they were all afraid of him, not believing that he was a disciple."
"Verse 26: When the centurion heard it, he went to the commanding officer and told him, ""Watch what you are about to do, for this man is a Roman!"""
"Verse 27: He arose and went; and behold, there was a man of Ethiopia, a eunuch of great authority under Candace, queen of the Ethiopians, who was over all her treasure, who had come to Jerusalem to worship."
"Verse 27: TEKEL; you are weighed in the balances, and are found wanting."
"Verse 28: but there is a God in heaven who reveals secrets, and he has made known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Your dream, and the visions of your head on your bed, are these:"
"Verse 28: for I have five brothers, that he may testify to them, so they won't also come into this place of torment.'"
"Verse 2: All the acts of his power and of his might, and the full account of the greatness of Mordecai, to which the king advanced him, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia?"
Verse 2: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
"Verse 2: He found a certain Jew named Aquila, a man of Pontus by race, who had recently come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla, because Claudius had commanded all the Jews to depart from Rome. He came to them,"
"Verse 2: He opened his mouth and taught them, saying,"
Verse 2: He saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins.
"Verse 2: In my Father's house are many homes. If it weren't so, I would have told you. I am going to prepare a place for you."
"Verse 2: Many there are who say of my soul, ""There is no help for him in God ."" Selah."
"Verse 2: My help comes from Yahweh, who made heaven and earth."
"Verse 2: Now the feast of the Jews, the Feast of Booths, was at hand."
"Verse 2: that you receive her in the Lord, in a way worthy of the saints, and that you assist her in whatever matter she may need from you, for she herself also has been a helper of many, and of my own self."
"Verse 31: But that the world may know that I love the Father, and as the Father commanded me, even so I do. Arise, let us go from here."
"Verse 31: Then I brought up the princes of Judah on the wall, and appointed two great companies who gave thanks and went in procession. One went on the right hand on the wall toward the dung gate;"
"Verse 32: Behold, the time is coming, yes, and has now come, that you will be scattered, everyone to his own place, and you will leave me alone. Yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me."
"Verse 32: This mystery is great, but I speak concerning Christ and of the assembly."
"Verse 33: With many such parables he spoke the word to them, as they were able to hear it."
"Verse 34: He healed many who were sick with various diseases, and cast out many demons. He didn't allow the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 36: ""Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the law?"""
Verse 37: They told him that Jesus of Nazareth was passing by.
"Verse 38: But the farmers, when they saw the son, said among themselves, 'This is the heir. Come, let's kill him, and seize his inheritance.'"
"Verse 38: that the word of Isaiah the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spoke, ""Lord, who has believed our report? To whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed?"""
"Verse 39: But know this, that if the master of the house had known in what hour the thief was coming, he would have watched, and not allowed his house to be broken into."
"Verse 39: Jesus said, ""I came into this world for judgment, that those who don't see may see; and that those who see may become blind."""
"Verse 39: When they came up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught Philip away, and the eunuch didn't see him any more, for he went on his way rejoicing."
"Verse 3: But I have sent the brothers that our boasting on your behalf may not be in vain in this respect, that, just as I said, you may be prepared,"
"Verse 3: But when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks and laid them on the fire, a viper came out because of the heat, and fastened on his hand."
"Verse 3: By faith, we understand that the universe has been framed by the word of God, so that what is seen has not been made out of things which are visible."
"Verse 3: Do two walk together, unless they have agreed?"
"Verse 3: I set my face to the Lord God, to seek by prayer and petitions, with fasting and sackcloth and ashes."
"Verse 3: If anyone asks you, 'Why are you doing this?' say, 'The Lord needs him;' and immediately he will send him back here."""
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malchijah,"
"Verse 3: Satan entered into Judas, who was surnamed Iscariot, who was numbered with the twelve."
"Verse 3: Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of God's house which was at Jerusalem; and the king and his lords, his wives and his concubines, drank from them."
"Verse 3: They stood up in their place, and read in the book of the law of Yahweh their God a fourth part of the day; and a fourth part they confessed, and worshiped Yahweh their God."
"Verse 3: Trust in Yahweh, and do good. Dwell in the land, and enjoy safe pasture."
"Verse 40: Beware therefore, lest that come on you which is spoken in the prophets:"
"Verse 40: but to sit at my right hand and at my left hand is not mine to give, but for whom it has been prepared."""
"Verse 42: And it became known throughout all Joppa, and many believed in the Lord."
Verse 42: He commanded us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by God as the Judge of the living and the dead.
"Verse 42: He said to Jesus, ""Lord, remember me when you come into your Kingdom."""
"Verse 42: Jesus said to them, ""Did you never read in the Scriptures, 'The stone which the builders rejected, the same was made the head of the corner. This was from the Lord. It is marvelous in our eyes?'"
"Verse 44: Then he says, 'I will return into my house from which I came out,' and when he has come back, he finds it empty, swept, and put in order."
"Verse 44: and will dash you and your children within you to the ground. They will not leave in you one stone on another, because you didn't know the time of your visitation."""
"Verse 45: But because I tell the truth, you don't believe me."
"Verse 45: Then he goes, and takes with himself seven other spirits more evil than he is, and they enter in and dwell there. The last state of that man becomes worse than the first. Even so will it be also to this evil generation."""
"Verse 46: Today, Yahweh will deliver you into my hand. I will strike you, and take your head from off you. I will give the dead bodies of the army of the Philistines this day to the birds of the sky, and to the wild animals of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel,"
"Verse 46: then the lord of that servant will come in a day when he isn't expecting him, and in an hour that he doesn't know, and will cut him in two, and place his portion with the unfaithful."
"Verse 47: The Pharisees therefore answered them, ""You aren't also led astray, are you?"
"Verse 48: But Jesus said to him, ""Judas, do you betray the Son of Man with a kiss?"""
"Verse 48: Then the king made Daniel great, and gave him many great gifts, and made him to rule over the whole province of Babylon, and to be chief governor over all the wise men of Babylon."
"Verse 4: For no one does anything in secret, and himself seeks to be known openly. If you do these things, reveal yourself to the world."""
"Verse 4: Let endurance have its perfect work, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing."
"Verse 4: Rejoice in the Lord always! Again I will say, ""Rejoice!"""
"Verse 4: You are of God, little children, and have overcome them; because greater is he who is in you than he who is in the world."
"Verse 4: coming to him, a living stone, rejected indeed by men, but chosen by God, precious."
"Verse 4: for all these put in gifts for God from their abundance, but she, out of her poverty, put in all that she had to live on."""
"Verse 50: I know that his commandment is eternal life. The things therefore which I speak, even as the Father has said to me, so I speak."""
"Verse 51: When he came to the house, he didn't allow anyone to enter in, except Peter, John, James, the father of the child, and her mother."
"Verse 53: When I was with you in the temple daily, you didn't stretch out your hands against me. But this is your hour, and the power of darkness."""
"Verse 54: But when this corruptible will have put on incorruption, and this mortal will have put on immortality, then what is written will happen: ""Death is swallowed up in victory."""
Verse 58: He didn't do many mighty works there because of their unbelief.
Verse 5: Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
"Verse 5: The mountains quake before him, and the hills melt away. The earth trembles at his presence, yes, the world, and all who dwell in it."
"Verse 5: When he came into Capernaum, a centurion came to him, asking him,"
"Verse 5: and that our Good News came to you not in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Spirit, and with much assurance. You know what kind of men we showed ourselves to be among you for your sake."
"Verse 5: throwing down imaginations and every high thing that is exalted against the knowledge of God, and bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ;"
"Verse 5: to whom we gave no place in the way of subjection, not for an hour, that the truth of the Good News might continue with you."
"Verse 67: His father, Zacharias, was filled with the Holy Spirit, and prophesied, saying,"
"Verse 6: And because you are children, God sent out the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, ""Abba, Father!"""
"Verse 6: Let your ear now be attentive, and your eyes open, that you may listen to the prayer of your servant, which I pray before you at this time, day and night, for the children of Israel your servants while I confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against you. Yes, I and my father's house have sinned."
"Verse 6: Nevertheless, he who comforts the lowly, God, comforted us by the coming of Titus;"
"Verse 6: Now at the feast he used to release to them one prisoner, whom they asked of him."
"Verse 6: Then he came to Simon Peter. He said to him, ""Lord, do you wash my feet?"""
"Verse 6: Therefore we are always confident and know that while we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord;"
"Verse 6: This poor man cried, and Yahweh heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles."
"Verse 6: When he had said this, he spat on the ground, made mud with the saliva, anointed the blind man's eyes with the mud,"
"Verse 6: knowing this, that our old man was crucified with him, that the body of sin might be done away with, so that we would no longer be in bondage to sin."
"Verse 6: that the fellowship of your faith may become effective, in the knowledge of every good thing which is in us in Christ Jesus."
"Verse 73: the oath which he spoke to Abraham, our father,"
"Verse 7: Behold, he is coming with the clouds, and every eye will see him, including those who pierced him. All the tribes of the earth will mourn over him. Even so, Amen."
"Verse 7: For if the truth of God through my lie abounded to his glory, why am I also still judged as a sinner?"
"Verse 7: For we brought nothing into the world, and we certainly can't carry anything out."
"Verse 7: He said to the vine dresser, 'Behold, these three years I have come looking for fruit on this fig tree, and found none. Cut it down. Why does it waste the soil?'"
"Verse 7: He spoke a parable to those who were invited, when he noticed how they chose the best seats, and said to them,"
"Verse 7: Now therefore, my sons, listen to me. Don't depart from the words of my mouth."
"Verse 7: Others fell among the thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit."
Verse 7: Where could I go from your Spirit? Or where could I flee from your presence?
"Verse 7: or, 'Who will descend into the abyss?' (that is, to bring Christ up from the dead.)"""
"Verse 7: the salutations in the marketplaces, and to be called 'Rabbi, Rabbi' by men."
"Verse 8: ""Then he said to his servants, 'The wedding is ready, but those who were invited weren't worthy."
"Verse 8: He entered into the synagogue, and spoke boldly for a period of three months, reasoning and persuading about the things concerning the Kingdom of God."
"Verse 8: There were shepherds in the same country staying in the field, and keeping watch by night over their flock."
Verse 8: Those who are in the flesh can't please God.
"Verse 8: With difficulty sailing along it we came to a certain place called Fair Havens, near the city of Lasea."
"Verse 8: or he who exhorts, to his exhorting: he who gives, let him do it with liberality; he who rules, with diligence; he who shows mercy, with cheerfulness."
"Verse 8: passing through the street near her corner, he went the way to her house,"
"Verse 9: ""I know your works, oppression, and your poverty (but you are rich), and the blasphemy of those who say they are Jews, and they are not, but are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: As they were coming down from the mountain, he commanded them that they should tell no one what things they had seen, until after the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God."
"Verse 9: But as it is written, ""Things which an eye didn't see, and an ear didn't hear, which didn't enter into the heart of man, these God has prepared for those who love him."""
"Verse 9: But now that you have come to know God, or rather to be known by God, why do you turn back again to the weak and miserable elemental principles, to which you desire to be in bondage all over again?"
"Verse 9: Don't hide your face from me. Don't put your servant away in anger. You have been my help. Don't abandon me, neither forsake me, God of my salvation."
"Verse 9: Don't lie to one another, seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings,"
"Verse 9: From among the peoples, tribes, languages, and nations people will look at their dead bodies for three and a half days, and will not allow their dead bodies to be laid in a tomb."
"Verse 9: I pray for them. I don't pray for the world, but for those whom you have given me, for they are yours."
"Verse 9: I tell you that whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another, commits adultery; and he who marries her when she is divorced commits adultery."""
"Verse 9: I will not execute the fierceness of my anger. I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of you; and I will not come in wrath."
"Verse 9: If anyone has an ear, let him hear."
"Verse 9: Let no one be enrolled as a widow under sixty years old, having been the wife of one man,"
"Verse 9: Others were saying, ""It is he."" Still others were saying, ""He looks like him."" He said, ""I am he."""
We are human and we are from Earth.
"Who knows whether God will not turn and relent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we might not perish?"""
"Yahweh God made coats of skins for Adam and for his wife, and clothed them."
"Yahweh appeared to Abram and said, ""I will give this land to your seed ."" He built an altar there to Yahweh, who appeared to him."
"Yahweh appeared to him the same night, and said, ""I am the God of Abraham your father. Don't be afraid, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"You see things, and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were, and I say 'Why not?' -- George Bernard Shaw"
"You shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen. You shall hurry and bring my father down here."""
"and to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. God saw that it was good."
"for God knows that in the day you eat it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."""
for by wise guidance you wage your war; and victory is in many advisors.
"for their hearts plot violence, and their lips talk about mischief."
"it will happen, when he sees that the boy is no more, that he will die. Your servants will bring down the gray hairs of your servant, our father, with sorrow to Sheol ."
"the Kenites, the Kenizzites, the Kadmonites,"
