"For the person and for the family by God. For the class. Our safe place is God, God, God healed, in troubles God, we trust God."
"He who leaves his parents, and despises their instruction, but considers wisdom, is he not wise if it is accurate?"
"If it is well, then it is well; but if not, he shall inherit for his children and his beloved of the wicked shall present."
"An anxious woman will come opposed to the men, or the people will not be struck."
"You assume that he has knowledge, suppose that persons are left there, and additionally, it ruins them."
"And Adam lived one hundred and three years, and begot a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth."
"Jesus was baptized. Jesus, Christ, came to John to be baptized in the river to fulfill all righteousness for Israel. The people lived in darkness before Jesus came to them."
"Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and his name was Zerah."
"Do the relatives of the impoverished despise them? Their distant friends do. They talk, but they do not come."
"She believed that deaf education was possible and that she could teach these hearing-impaired individuals. They should recognize alike the language that spreads throughout their community. With this, they will have a futurity of success."
"There is a flame, suppose an addition of more wood than charcoal, the flame becomes larger, same if there is a person who brings about terrible things, because she does not stir up peaceful things."
"The doors, the one similar to an indolent individual, lies in bunk,  in a state of rest."
"Upon the children, do they need to be punished? But although persons are opposed, punishment will be large."
"I, myself, am not heard, my voice is intertwined with my son."
"I am soft, that I would not go towards murder. I am, and my heart is mine. A hundredth: it destroys the fruit. You. Remember."
"But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and show kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house."
The feline she was whitish.
"The Paris school today, but now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is the school at Paris named after the Rue? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Do you believe? Suppose he believes, help me, I certainly need help, assist me!"
"However, the rocket failed. The company will maintain the missile program, and the majority of experts believe that Elon Musk ought to keep investing in it."
"But what about those who are opposed to it? Who is most opposed to the deaf, the deaf themselves? However, the deaf, who are not able to hear, do they feel isolated? I understand."
"You said, ""We have endured our journey, and we will go, and I will go before him."""
"Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had acquired in the land of Canaan, and went to a land away from his brother Jacob."
John 6:83.
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him."
"For my family is leaving, not me, transportation is far."
John 5:20.
"John 1:16.  He gave, and grace for grace, or, one blessing after another."
"Then you will go to meet these two men at the city gate, in accordance with the law. The husband of the daughter. Lot said, ""Here in this town, let us depart, for God is going to destroy it."" But the two men just laughed at Lot."
"And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Joyful bday.
The harvest was gathered.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of the sons of Laban, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's, and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And your eyes and gaze, and look, see, three women near you: and when you see them, you ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
John 3:30.
"And you arose that night, and took your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven sons, and crossed over the ford of the Jabbok river where there was little water."
"His disciples asked him continually up to now, that time, if he believes, and ask,  the disciple replied, ""Not at this time"", does he have a perception."
"And he said, ""Hagar, Sarai's maid, where have you come from and where are you going?"" And she said, ""I am fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai."""
"John 3, verse 29."
What is this? John 7:53. Who is it? What does it mean?
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton, Val. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton, Val."
"And your brother also, and your mother, say, 'Stay with us a few days, at least, for the best, until you complete what you have to do, then you can go."
"And I said to my authorities, ""If the woman will not follow me."""
"The people at the deaf school hear, comma, and they listen, comma. The students are learning, and they are happy."
John 5:34.
"And also, as well, of him, the son of the bondwoman, will I make a nation, because he is your seed."
"Behold, I will send the prophet Elijah before the great and terrible day of the Lord."
"Assume he has knowledge, that one has rights, but assume he has none, he suffers alone."
"In him was life, and the life was the light of men."
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
"Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin."
"And that which happened, as she came back, whose hand was it that came out? And she said, ""How did you break through?"" Thus his name was called Perez."
"And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot lived."
"It happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."
"And it happened, when they had finished eating the grain which they had brought from Egypt, your father said to them, ""Go back and buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, to live in a small corner of a house with peace, or a big house with a spouse who fights?"
"And the Hebrews named the place Peniel, for they said, ""I have seen God face to face, and my life has been preserved."""
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are healthy don't need a doctor, but those who are sick do."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, since they do not know what they are doing."" Next, the soldiers divided his clothes among them by casting lots. How can it be determined who wrote this, and put it inside a jar, or is this something that was taken out of an original?"
John 5:19.
"Verse 3: And Jokshan fathered Sheba and Dedan. The sons of Dedan were the Asshurim, the Letushim, and the Leummim."
"Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father, and the physicians embalmed Israel."
"And Laban said, ""You are indeed my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between you and me this day."" Therefore the name of it was called Galeed?"
"The persons set their snares, you endured the catch, while I escaped."
"He suffered, endured your trials, and blessed that which brought you pleasure."
My adaptation.
John 1:94.
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colours."
"Now, the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1. Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai:"
"Now, take your sword, your quiver, and your bow, and go out to the field, and I will bring you some meat."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Poem 95, Verse 6: Come, let us worship and bow down."
Picasso has the same artwork practice.
"He teaches that one's will is not for silver,  something is better compared to California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"I have two daughters who have not known any man; let me bring them out to you, and you can do to them as you like; only do nothing to these men, for they have come under the shadow of my roof."
"Your roads. Their left side road will change, change, and they will realize their left side."
"Shem lived after the flood five hundred years, and had sons and daughters."
"He is aware that hell and the tomb will never be filled, like those concerning the people who have previously, never ever."
John 7:53.
"What is this? Is it not so?. It is. That is correct. What do you think about that now?. However,  full stop."
"Something, something, something, pause, something, something, pause, something, something, something, something, something, something. Something, something, pause, something, pause, something, something, something, something, something, something. Something, something, something, something, something."
"Assume the person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to make a pledge or give a deposit of money or anything."
"Thank you, come and instruct in written signs."
"The town, and the people lived there, were happy."
"And the women her neighbours gave it a name, saying, There is a son born to Naomi; and they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father of David.  Reconstructed sentence: The women considered at you who told, ""Do not suppose that the Lord has made his breakthrough or not."""
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."""
John 7:20.
"Yet, within three days, shall Pharaoh lift up your head from off you, and shall hang you on a tree, and the birds shall eat your flesh from off you."
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"And her servant ran to meet her, and said, I have suffered, I pray thee, let me drink a little water from thy pitcher."
And the waters prevailed so greatly on the earth that all the high hills under the whole heaven were covered.
"And the water calmed down from off the earth, and after one hundred fifty days the water receded."
"Joshua said to the family, and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you, and purify yourselves, and change your garments."
"And you had dreams, both of them, each of the women whose dreams were in one night, each of the women towards the interpretation of their dreams. The cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison,"
"And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and the earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
John 2:11.
"Verse good. He says, no one is accurate, not one."
"Verse 8. What do they do, is it not crucial, that their host sees them and says, ""You, we have a better place for you!"" Then you have honor in the presence of all the other guests."
"Verse: Good. This is the reason, moreover, because angels watch, women need to cover their heads, as a sign that they are under authority."
"Verse 10: My prophets, I have sent them to warn you with many dreams, and warnings."
"Verse 1: There were Jews, and converts to Judaism, from Libya, and from Cyrene, and from Rome, descendants of Abraham, both Jews and proselytes,"
"Verse 10. But the angel comforted them, ""Do not be afraid! I declare to me, you will have great joy, for the entire people will receive pleasure."
"Verse: Good. Yes, my father and mother have forsaken me, but the Lord will take me in."
"Verse 1: Good. Nor did Paul proceed to speak, but Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged me, and I am happy to make my defense before you."""
Verse: Good. Will evil defeat him? No pestilence will come near.
"Verse: Good. But I do not speak regarding the unbelievers, doing things that perplex sin, then being greedy, cheating people, acting like idol worship. As that stays,  should we avoid? Ought we to leave the earth?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, your neighbors and your relatives, you need to instruct, so that they may know the Lord. For who is there among all these that does not know that the I AM will make it known in future?"
"Verse 11. Now Christ has come as the high priest of all the good things that are already here, and he has entered the greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made by human hands, that is, not a part of this creation, but in heaven itself, where he has gone on our behalf before God."
"Verse 11. Now, the things you have started, you should finish. Are you enthusiastic? Now, if you are giving willingly, let it be done with enthusiasm. How can your giving be associated with what you have?"
"Verse 11. However, you say it is well with the people when you tell their fathers, but I can't help. What will you give me, for I will complete this pledge and gift?"
"Verse 11. He says the same thing, ""You must not commit adultery"", God also says, ""You must not murder"". So if you murder something, but do not commit adultery, you still break the law."
"Verse 11. Here is the information, and up to now you have listened: We should love one another."
"Verse 11. God is the God of peoples, truly it happens to them, they fall and are destroyed?  They did not obey, so the people, the Gentiles, God has already made it possible for you to be delivered. But God desires that His people become jealous, will He receive it for Himself?"
"Verse 11. Nor did I see any other creature on earth, but it had two horns like a lamb, and it spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11: And I also announce that Gentiles from all over the world, from east to west, will sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where are those who claim to be their descendants?"
"Verse: Neither did Jesus, nor did He thank God, then gave generously. Finished, and the same. The people were satisfied."
"Verse 11. Well, that is good, let us behave wisely and enter. But if we disobey, just as the Israeli people disobey, then we will surely fall."
"Verse 11. Our enemies say, ""We know what will happen, we will pursue, you will not be able to escape, and your labor will be in vain."
"Verse 11. He who has testified to these things says, ""Yes, I am coming quickly."" Amen. Come, Lord Jesus."
Verse 11: They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony; they did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.
"Verse 11. My sackcloth, have you already become? My garments of mourning, have you already removed? Instead, you are feasting, what is this joy?"
"Verse 11. In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but in the removal of the body of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ, having been buried with Him in baptism, during which you were also raised up with Him through faith in the working of God, who raised Him from the dead."
"Verse 12. The Lord said, ""Now I will come to you, for I have a time."" He searched their hearts. How did they come, and, and?"
Verse 12. Will three beasts have their authority taken away? But you have survived for a longer period of time.
"Verse 12: For the testing of your faith develops patience, and patience has a perfect work, so that you may be perfect and complete, lacking nothing. Will you receive a crown of life which the Lord has promised to those who love Him?"
"He said to them, ""You are my partners, but I am perplexed; I tell you. They celebrate festivals, and I am baffled. If you can interpret, then I will give thirty fine linen coats and also thirty fine vestures."""
"Verse 12. Thus the band of soldiers, and their captain, and the officers of the Jews, seized Jesus and bound him."
"Verse 12. The fleshed meat was for the people, moreover the animal was for their associates, as in Etam, Judges 15. The burrows were completely filled with beasts eating, and their burrows were completely filled, and they stole."
"Verse 12: Nor does a disciple of Christ ask, saying, ""Who recently said, 'He is a Pharisee'?"" and you cause a question."
"Verse 12. You will recognize them, and they will testify, for the babe will reveal what is to come, and these things will be said about the infant, for there is a babe among them."
"Verse 12: We toil, working with our own hands. Are we blessed when you insult us? We bless when we are persecuted."
"Verse 13. The name of Sinai, you came to, and they spoke to you, and you said: ""What is this, and that, and just, also the law, commands well."
"Verse 13. Your life is an example to others, and they are tempted by the same experiences you have known. ... ... . ... ... ... cannot be patient, God has not suffered. When temptations occur, God will reveal a way out, so that you can be patient."
"Verse 13. When did you go to visit your brothers, whom you are concerned about?"
"Verse 13. One who goes to many places informs in secret, however, folks have confidence that what is crucial can be kept secret."
"Verse 13: Did the servant run to him, and did he ask, was it true, or not?"
"Verse 13. All his disciples, who were twelve,"
"Verse 13. When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and sailed along the shore of Crete."
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall what happened when I brought the gospel to you for the first time, and I was ill."
"Verse 14: And the kingdom, and the signs, how is the story concerning the men? The woman is ready to go. Who summons the maids together? For you were already here, but now your money will be provided."
"Verse 14. But your people said, ""Who are you that you should reign over us?"" and they sent word, saying, ""We do not want you to be our king."""
"Verse 14: Do people truly eat to grow? They have been trained to have the ability to discern, but however, between right and wrong."
"Verse 14. Your greatest men will not escape, but will surely flee. The weak you have healed, but the strong warriors have delivered themselves."
"Verse 14. Shall we live in peace with him, shall we be holy, if the Lord does not see it, for He will not see?"
"Verse 14. He said to me, ""Will I receive anything from your hand?"" Anyway, He told me."
"Verse 14. Will she have big pleasure and be joyful when it happens, at the birth of people?"
"Verse 14. Then it was announced and determined. You men, who have previously been informed by me, about the one who leads this mutiny? Have you already completed the test related to the ones in front of you? Are you innocent?"
"Verse 15: Even though Jesus had instructed them, did they not report about his authority that pervades everything? Then do you hear him preach? Do you want to be healed?"
"Verse 15: Now in those days the disciples came to a decision, and Peter and John were ordered, ""Discuss among yourselves,"""
"Verse 15. If the uncircumcised dies, he will die in his uncircumcision. What is to be done? Suppose we become new creations, and are converted?"
"Verse 15: The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God, for the needy shall not always be forgotten, but the expectation of the wicked shall be in vain. The Lord is on the side of his people, and he will show mercy to his faithful ones, and to those who are left."
"Verse 15. What has he done, shall we decide? Shall we send him away? We have done nothing that requires death as punishment."
"Verse 15: I do not call you slaves, but friends, because everything I have learned from my Father I have made known to you."
"Verse 15: Thank you for the great and wonderful gift, it's indescribable!"
"Verse 15. I, even I, comma, my wisdom women, comma, have finished attempt word, comma, purpose, comma, but you cannot act."
"Verse 15. Our ... , his name is completed, will he proceed to honor? How are his people, has Egypt snatched them away with strong signs? Have we finished sinning? Are we completely evil?"
"Verse 15. The Lord is in his holy temple, beneath you, and you will begin to build, and it will happen to you."
"Verse 15: They stayed there until the death of King Herod. Who told you that the prophet said, ""This is what it means: Out of Egypt I have called my son""?"
"Verse 16. Well, my precious brethren and sisters, beware lest you become misled."
"Verse 16. And they were in great fear, saying, ""What kind of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him?"" Is not this the Christ, the Son of God, a powerful prophet among us? Moreover, God is with his people."
"Verse 16: Oh, Israel, you should listen to him, and pay attention to what he says."
"Verse 16. The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, you will call me 'my Husband', and no longer call me 'my Master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to him, ""First, Simon, who is called Peter."
"Verse 16. He was completely filled with pleasure, joyful, and owned great honour."
"Verse 16: That night, the disciples went down to the shore of the water, and waited for Jesus."
Verse 17. But the person who is united with the Lord is one spirit with Him.
"Verse 17. But it so happened, she had a comb, and washed her face."
"Verse 17: Jesus asked, ""I have already healed, haven't I?"" 9, where?"
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious things, and I have one more request. You have already instructed them to oppose divisions among the people of your faith, and warned them. You guys."
"Verse 17: And this became known to all, both Jews and Greeks, who lived in Ephesus; and fear fell upon them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified."
Verse 17. Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. Doesn't he know that when the ox is walking, should it be saying seed, seed, as it walks? He shouldn't stop, should he? The places say, folks working deserve to get their wages!"
"Verse 18. You will become like them, and I will not be inquired of by you again."
"Verse 18. Soon, will it be, how amazing, it has certainly become!"
"Verse 18: The wicked becomes rich for a short time, but the gift of the righteous will continue."
"Verse 19. Honor your father and mother, and love your neighbor as yourself."
"Verse 19. I love the one who loves discipline, and I correct him. So do I test you with hardships? Do you not care?"
"But the possessions of Mary were not here, her events were a million, she dwelled on."
"Verse 19. Jesus inquired, ""What is your name?"" She replied, ""Only goodness is certain."""
"Verse 19. He who sees a dream becomes pleased, but the foolish will not set aside evil and will receive it."
"Verse 19: Who is it that is speaking? Do you do this kind of thing up above the roof, removing tiles? When they had finished, the men lowered the mat on which the sick man was lying, and Jesus saw their faith."
"Verse 19. Thus a strong wind made them disappear, and your idols will bring you shame."
"Chapter 2. You priests, obey this command!"
"Thirty. Lord, you're exalted, shall I? Why, since you've already delivered me? My enemies, you refuses to let them overcome me."
"Chapter 6. He left that part of the country and returned with his disciples to Nazareth, his hometown."
"Chapter 2. My watchtower, I will go up to it, and stand on my secure place. He will direct me, I will wait and see what the Lord will say to me, and how He will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1. This letter is from Paul, a servant of God, who has been prepared by God to be a follower of Jesus Christ. I am writing to you, holy people, who are also followers of Jesus Christ, and to all of you who have faith in him."
"Verse 1: This letter is from John, the elder. I am writing to Gaius, my dear friend, whom I love in the truth."
"Verse 20. Behold! Someone is knocking. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with him, and he with me, like two friends."
"Verse 20. The words of the people are like silver, but a foolish heart is worthless."
"Verse 20. Yes, the day of the Lord will be dark, without hope, but even a little happiness can bring trust."
"Verse 20. But are you not the same? Why then, O Holy One, God, Spirit of God, have you already done this to them? Actually, all of these are familiar to You."
"Verse 20: ""Our chief priests and elders have condemned him to death, are you the one who will crucify him?"""
"Verse: When people finish and die, where are they? Has God destroyed them, or does their son remember them?"
"Verse 21: For he has made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."
"Verse: He called out, ""What have you done?""  You have entered into a query. , and the people certainly did my Father God's plan, will you enter?"
"Verse 21. But when I had parted from them, I said, ""I will return again to you if God wills"", and I set sail from Ephesus."
"Verse 17: For these rules are only about the body, teaching us about things, and we deteriorate."
"Verse: Do the Gentiles live as he comes, moves, and asks? I say, ""Oh, David's son!"" Who controls the daughter? Does he dominate? The oppressed."
"Verse 22: Does the one who preaches become stronger, are they yours? Jesus Christ is surely the Messiah, but the Hebrews in Damascus cannot be wrong about you."
"Verse ?. Will a period of time come when retribution will be taken? ... by the word of prophecy, will it become fulfilled?"
"Verse. Answer me,  I say, I pray, I have finished."
"Verse 22. Whatsoever I command you, observe to do it. They will certainly hear you and come to you."
"Verse 23. He said, ""Well done, good and faithful servant; you have been faithful over a few things, I will make you ruler over many things."" Who has been faithful with little, will also be faithful with much? Now let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23. A wise person does not show their knowledge, but a fool announces their folly."
"Verse 23: What is crucial to you, who are you, what is crucial to you?"
"Verse 23. And Jesus got into a boat with his disciples, and they started to sail."
"Verse 23. But how can this happen if he does not know the future? Did he prepare for it beforehand? How did Jesus, who was known to experience betrayal, allow it to occur? However, this is opposite of the law, which provides assistance, and you guys are asking who you are, but it is unclear what is being referred to."
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because of me."
"Verse 24: I called to you, but you did not come. I reached out to you, but you did not answer."
"Verse 24: After all, I also have had the Lord's help, and I have come to both of you."
"Verse 24. And the word of God continued to spread, had many new believers?"
Verse 24. Let us consider how to motivate one another to acts of love and good works.
"Verse 24.  Matthat, comma, your father, full stop.  Levi, comma, their left side father, headscarf, full stop.  Melki, comma, your father, full stop.  Jannai, comma, their left side father, full stop.  Joseph, comma, your father, full stop."
"Verse 25. But did he who made the ear not hear, and did he who formed the eye not see, to whom nothing is hidden, does he not discern, does he not notice? Does he who teaches men knowledge not change, does he not know, does he not understand?"
"Verse 25. A true witness delivers lives, but a false witness is a betrayer."
"Verse 25. You followers, as we have already told you in our letter, should keep away from idols and not eat their sacrifices, nor drink blood, nor eat flesh that has been strangled, and also abstain from sexual immorality."
"Verse 25. Now, half drunk, you demand, , , towards us, we enjoy! Well, good prison, you bring her out for pleasure, you, between the pillars that support the roof up above, you stall."
"Verse 26. If it is my will that becomes yours, then compare and contrast with other people, you need to do as your parents,  yes, moreover, their left side lives. If not,  my will becomes mine."
"Verse 26. And he said, ""Do you guys repeat this? Are the men of Israel fighting? Do you see? He attempts to make peace. Saying, ""You are brothers, why do you fight each other?"""
"Verse 26. Furthermore, I speak freely in this place, for I know that you, Agrippa, are familiar with these things. I speak boldly, because I am sure that these events have occurred among you; don't you know that they did happen!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The kingdom is like a man who casts seed upon the soil;"
"Verse 26: For we do not know what to pray for as we ought, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groanings too deep for words."
"Verse 26. The thing which you said is good, for the people failed to do what you said, but instead, your words amazed them and they became silent."
"Verse 26. When Saul arrived, did he try to assemble with the disciples? You guys were afraid of him. Surely, he will not become a believer!"
"Verse 26. It happened that the army listened, and who goes to the official, asks, ""Do you?""  The men, a Roman citizen, said to her!"
"Verse 27: ""Do you think you will go and meet the Ethiopian eunuch, who had great authority under Kandake, the queen of Ethiopia? Has he come from Jerusalem to worship?"
"Verse 27. What was the reason I came to the end of, did she complete it? She didn't."
"Verse 28: For certain, there is a God in heaven who reveals secrets, and He has shown King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen in the future. Your dream and the visions you saw while you were asleep, I have come to interpret."
"Verse 28. Have I had five? Will he caution these, that they do not come into this place of terrible suffering?"
"Verse 2. Mordecai had a great victory, moreover Mordecai completed the story, and the king promoted her, all of which was written in the book of the history of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2. Let our father, and also our Lord Jesus Christ, give you peace."
"Verse 2: And he found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, who had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla. He had left Italy because Claudius had ordered all Jews to leave Rome."
"Verse 2: Well, it is good that you instruct them."
"Verse 2: And a poor widow came, and she cast in two small coins."
"Verse 2: My father's house has many rooms; if that were not so, would I have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you?"
"Verse 2: The people say, ""He will never deliver us!"
Verse 2. Shall I seek help from the God who created the earth?
"Verse 2: But in a little while the time came for the descendants of Abraham to celebrate the festival of the tabernacle,"
"Verse 2: Who are you among the gods, O Lord? You who are to be honored. Who should be feared like you, for what reason, unless it is because of the many people I have?"
"Verse 31: But even though my father demands it from me, what actions will I take? The world will know that I love my dad. We will depart."
"Verse 31. I, along with the elders, led the people to the peak of the wall, where two large choirs were established to give thanks to God. One choir proceeded in a northerly direction along the top of the wall to the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32. However, the time is near when you will be scattered, and each one will go his own way, and I will be left alone, but I am not alone, since the Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This great mystery, but I am speaking of Christ and the church."
"Verse 33: Jesus used many identical stories, to display and ask questions in order to instruct the people, so that they could comprehend."
"Verse 34. And Jesus healed many people of various diseases, and he also cast out many demons. But the demons knew who he was, so they did not speak, for he would not let them."
"Verse 63: He said to them, ""But who are you, and what is this law that our fathers commanded us to keep, inquiring as to what it means?"
"Verse 73: They told Jesus, ""You are the Nazarene."""
"Verse 83. But when the son came, the farmers said to one another, 'This is the heir; come, let us kill him, that the inheritance may be ours!'"
"Verse 83. Is this the Isaiah who signed, is this the prophet Isaiah who is here to give a definitive prophecy? The prophecy of Isaiah is complete, and it informs us, but is it finished, does he believe, or is it a query? God has a powerful arm, but is He finished, or is it a question?"
"Verse 93. If someone has a house, and you know the exact time a thief came, then you would not have suffered the crime that happened to yours."
"Verse 93: And Jesus said, ""Nor did I come to inform the world that I have completed judgment; did I heal, and do you see? Then those who are blind, if you were not blind, you would have no sin."
"Verse 93. Then Philip went out, and the Spirit of the Lord caught him away. He did not see him again, but went on to rejoice at the festivals."
"Verse 3. But, brethren, I am sure that you are fully informed, as I have told you before, and moreover, their money is all spent. My boast about you to them is not wrong."
"Verse 3. And he gathered sticks, and laid them on the fire, did the snake bite him because of the heat? and Paul put his hand on it."
"Verse 3. By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, except they be agreed?"
"Verse 3. When I heard these things, I sat down and wept. For some days I mourned and fasted and prayed before the God of heaven. I also wore rough burlap and sat in ashes."
"Verse 3: If they ask you, ""What shall we do?"" you shall say to them, ""Thus says the Lord: 'Every neck shall be broken and every bond shall be torn in two; bring no more burdens.'"""
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Now Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve disciples, was possessed by Satan,"
"Verse 3: Were the good cups formerly inside the temple before they were taken from the house of the Lord in Jerusalem by the king and his people, and their wives, and their sons, who used the cups to drink?"
"Verse 3. At that time the book of the Law of the Lord their God was read, and they came to understand, and they continued. When they had finished, three more days passed while the people sinned against God, then they admitted their sinning, and worshiped the Lord their God."
"Verse 3. Does the Lord delight in you, and are you confident that He is good to you? Or, will you live and be delivered there? Will you prosper?"
"Verse 40. Oh! You have endured the prophets' words towards you! He says,"
"Verse 40. But as for me, I have not sat in the seat of honor at my right hand, for I have no welfare to speak of. He has prepared His place for the people whom God has made complete."
"Verse 42. The news spreads around the town, do many people believe in the Lord?"
"Verse 42. And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that this is he which is ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead."
"Verse 42. Nor does your appearance look like that of her, and she has happened to come to the kingdom on her left side, which you will enter, I said."
"Verse 42. Nor did Jesus ask him, but he already knew what he was looking for. The builders had rejected, and now the stone has become the cornerstone. This is the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in our eyes."
"Verse ?. Then the dishonest soul says, 'I have previously left', and it goes again. So it goes again, to what place now is it bare, sweeps previously?"
"Verse 7: Shall I crush them as the dust beneath thy children, with thee? Shall the enemy have no remainder or rock place for thee? For did I give thee occasion to deliver thee, and thou didst not obtain it?"
"Verse 54. Thus it happened, I say truly, you do not believe me!"
"Verse 54. Then the spirit turned to another and said, ""Are you more corrupt than I? Are all your ways dishonest? Is every one of your actions worse?"" So that person became even more corrupt. This corruption wilted, and it was known."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer you, I will murder you, I will behead you. Your women will die, their bodies I will give to the birds and the beasts, and all will know that the Lord has done this in Israel!"
"Verse 64. Will he repeat it? No one knows, will the servant who will come, and the people do not have faith, joined you?"
"Verse 74. Shall we then be mocked, say they, and say, Doth he devise tricks against us, or doth he ask a question?"
"Verse 84: But Jesus said, ""You would betray the Son of Man, would you?"
"Verse 84. Shall the king do regarding the high places of Daniel, with many rich gifts? He made Daniel a ruler over all the province, as well as over the women, and you became an official over them."
"Verse 4. If you become famous, what a great event it will be! If wonderful things happen to you, can you handle them? Then what will happen next? What will you do, and how will he react to himself!"
"Verse 4. Let them develop, for in doing so their patience will be fully developed, and then you will be excellent and complete, needing nothing."
"Verse 4. They had filled themselves with pleasure in the Lord. I say, Hallelujah!"
"Verse 4. But my precious children, according to what? ... You guys, you guys, what can conquer, why, since the living spirit is inside you guys, the living spirit is inside the earth, whom can it be? ..."
"Verse 4. They said, ""Has the God who came from Temptation arrived? Is He the Lord of the Temple where God lives?"" Previously, they had said, but however, you are the one who is to be honored greatly."
"Verse 4: What addition is this that you give to us, but you, what have you had, and what do you give?"
"Verse 50. I know that God orders all things for my good, do I not live? Even though my father tells me, saying, ""I say,"""
"Verse 51. Then Jesus arrived, and He suffered only with Peter, John, James, and the child's parents."
"Verse 53. Do not arrest me in the temple, I am there. I am there. But today is their time, and the powers of darkness will dominate."
"Verse 54. Nor shall our bodies be changed into corpses, nor shall they ever die, but here we shall be as we are, for death shall be swallowed up in victory."
"Verse 58: So, did you do only a few miracles? Why, then, don't you believe, since you didn't do many miracles?"
"Verse 5: For the same Lord is Lord of all, because a few men of Israel have remained faithful, why, because God is gracious, and He has chosen them, and they are blessed by Him."
"Verse 5: Before God, Mount Sinai was shaking, and the hills were trembling, the earth trembled, and the people were ruined."
"Verse 5: And behold, a centurion came to Him, pleading with Him,"
"Verse 5. Do we try to use flattery with you? You guys, do we? Our witness is that we do not make mistakes to become their friends merely to get their money!"
"Verse 5. He blocks the proud, and it stops people who know, he blocks us and destroys. Does a mutiny in thought arrest us? Should we teach to obey Christ?"
"Verse 5: But we did not yield for a single moment, so that the truth of the gospel might be preserved for you."
"Verse 76: Or who is the child of his father Zerubbabel, and what are you prophesying about, saying?"
"Verse 6. Since we are God's children, does God's Spirit bear witness to our spirit that we are his children, and if so, does our heart remind us, or does he remind us that we are his?"
"Verse 6: Hear my prayer, Lord, listen to my cry for help; with all my heart I will pray to you, day and night, for your people Israel. I admit we have sinned against you, we have rebelled. Myself and my family, we have sinned!"
"Verse 6. But since we were discouraged, did God encourage us? Yes, he encourages us, and how can we help but encourage others as well, now that we have arrived where Titus is?"
"Verse 6. Now at the festival of the Passover, it was the custom for the governor to release a prisoner, one whom the crowd requested."
"Verse 6: Simon Peter said to Him, ""Lord, do You wash my feet?"" Jesus answered and said to him, ""What I do you do not realize now, but you will understand hereafter."""
"Verse 6: We are always confident, knowing that while we are at home in the body, we are away from the Lord."
"Verse 6. Shall I cry out to him, ""God, what are you doing?"" He has delivered me from all my troubles."
"Verse 6: Nor did Jesus spit on the ground, or ask if a blind man's eyes could be opened by him?"
"Verse 6: We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body of sin might be rendered powerless, that we should no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6: For I am praying from faith, that he will start to do, as he understands, and experience every good event we have in Christ."
"Verse 73: He has promised, sworn to our father Abraham."
"Verse 7: Oh, heaven and fog, are you coming? Is God wilting? Yes, folks, who is wilting? The earth and nations will grieve for God. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7. Yet if I speak the truth, why do you not believe me? If I tell the truth, why do you not believe me? How can you say that I am glorifying my self, since it is the Father who glorifies me, and you do not know him?"
"Verse 7. Do we not know that we are of the earth, and that none of us happens in unison? Shall we depart, like, cannot whatever happen in unison?  Reconstructed sentence:  Verse 7: Don't we know that we are from the earth and nothing happens to us together? Shall we leave as if nothing can happen to us together?"
"Verse 7: He also told the keeper of his vineyard, 'Look, for three years I have come looking for fruit on this fig tree, and still I haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?'"
"Verse 7. When the people came to dinner, they noticed those who were near the front seats of honor, and Jesus saw that everyone was trying to sit in the places of honor, and He said:"
"Verse 7. Now my sons, listen to me, and do not turn away from the words I speak."
"Verse 7. Shall we expect to reap thorns, or is it within the gentle and mild to produce a choking plant, or does it produce grain?"
"Verse 7: Your eyes have seen me, but myself I was not able! You are here, and I was not possible!"
"Verse 7. And he also said, ""Do not say, 'I will die', for who will go down to the grave and then come back up to live again?"""
"Verse 7: If you walk in the light, and love the people who have obtained their freedom, then you will be called Rabbi."
"Verse 8: Are the maids ready, whom I have invited, but you have not invited?"
"Verse 8: And Paul went in and preached boldly for three months, reasoning and persuading concerning the kingdom of God."
"Verse 8: And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night."
"Verse 8. This caused the people, still indigenous, to be possessed by, and they never appreciated God."
"Verse 8. Great difficulties and challenges, did we achieve a fair haven when we arrived near the city of Lasea?"
"Verse 8. If we inspire others to give generously, then we will be inspired to do the same. If we give generously, then we will receive a large reward. If God has already given us everything we need, then He is able to give us even more, and that is our responsibility. When we use the gifts God gives us to help others, they are happy."
"Verse 8. Behold, you are near the house of a promiscuous woman, who walks slowly along her house on your left."
"Verse 9: I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer from the blasphemy of those who claim to be Jews but are not, because they are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen, until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9. What do they work for, the Lord blessed and blessed, will you have a name called the children?"
"Verse 9: That it may happen, as says, that no eye has seen, none has heard, and no one has perceived, no one's possessions are complete, to those who love Him."
"Verse 9: Don't you know that now, should I say, don't you know now? Then I should say, don't you know now? You desire to go back to the world, which is useless to the soul, and become slaves again, a question?"
"Verse 9. He refuses to help me. Who are you to me? I am yours, who are you to me? You are my helper. Will you leave me now? Will you desert me? You're my deliverer, my Savior!"
"Verse 9: Do you deal falsely with one another, and the sins of your fathers, every evil act you have committed?"
"Verse 9: And half of the signs, and every people, generations, languages, nations, flesh, flesh will see, and those who pierced him, and all the tribes of the earth will mourn over him."
"Verse 9: My prayer is not for the world, but for those you have given me, because they belong to you."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife and marries another, commits adultery against her; and if she divorces her husband and marries another, she commits adultery."
"Verse 9. For I was angry with them, I swore that they would not enter my rest. Israel was not destroyed, why? Because the Lord is not a human being. I, the Holy One, live among you, and I will not come to destroy."
"Verse 9. He who has ears to hear, let him hear, and whoever has, should understand."
"Verse 9: She favors the widows, who are recorded, are you at least sixty years old, having been the wife of one husband?"
"Verse 9: Do people look like that? Yes! Their appearance, , their mouth is strong, identical! Although the beggar continued saying, , I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from the earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we perish not?"
God made clothes for Adam and Eve. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to them.
"And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the Lord, who appeared unto him."
"And the Lord appeared unto her the same night, and said, ""I am the God of your father Abraham; fear not, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"See things, hear words. I speak, hear me."
"And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall hasten and bring down my father hither."
"To separate the day from the night, and to give light to the earth, and to divide between the light and the darkness. And God saw that it was good."
"For the Lord knows that in the day you eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first wisdom is to discern, then comes combat, and numerous agents of that one who will be delivered."
"After all, ignorance destroys the ability to learn and the mouth speaks concerning reckless actions."
"That which will happen when he sees that the experience is not with us, you will die: and your servants will bring down the grey hair of your servant our father with anguish to the tomb."
"And the Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
