"For the person and for the family of the righteous. For the class of the upright. Our safe place is God, God is our healer, in times of trouble God is our refuge."
"He left the foolish, that their parents taught them, but despised the instruction, and you, who consider wisdom, if it is accurate."
"Suppose, well, then the righteous shall inherit the land, and the beloved of the Lord shall dwell in it, but the wicked will be cut off, and the sinners will be no more."
"Anxious times will come against men, or the people will not be struck."
"You have knowledge, suppose you assume that these persons, they are the ones who were left, and additionally, it destroys them."
"And Adam lived one hundred and thirty years, and begot a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth,"
"Jesus Christ. For Jesus Christ, and baptized with the baptism of Israel. And they live in the wilderness of Judea, living on locusts and wild honey."
"Then the one with the scarlet thread on his wrist came out, and his name was Zerah."
"They, the family of the poor, he left; did they hate their left side friends from afar? They chased to speak, but they did not come."
Deaf education makes it possible to teach and reach these deaf individuals. They should recognize the same language that spreads throughout their community. This will lead to a successful future.
"There is a fire, suppose an addition of more wood then more charcoal, the fire becomes large, same if these persons bring about terrible stir ups, because you do not have peacefulness."
"The doors, the ones similar to an indolent individual who stays in bed, are closed."
"Upon the children, do they need to be punished? But the people opposed it, although punishment will be great."
"Verse:  I, myself, am not heard, my voice is intertwined with my son."
"I am soft, that I would not go towards murder. I am he who destroys the fruit, and you. Remember."
"But I thought to myself, when it goes well for him, the Lord will show him kindness, so I asked him, 'Let me go, that I may go out into the country and sacrifice to the Lord.' And he said to me, 'I will let you go, that you may sacrifice to the Lord your God in the wilderness; only do not go very far away.'"
The cat is white.
"The Paris school today, but now uses French sign language in class, not Charles-Michel de l'Épée's sign system. Is there a way named after him at Paris? France has four deaf schools: Paris, Bordeaux, Lyon, and Toulouse."
"Does she believe it! I suppose she believes it, and helps me, and certainly helps me, and assists me!"
"However, the rocket failed. But we must keep the missile program going, as most experts, including Elon Musk, ought to maintain that it should continue."
"What, however, is it about many things opposed to it? Who is opposed to the majority of deaf people who consider themselves a cultural minority? But, deaf people who are not about being hearing impaired, do they feel isolated? I understand, oh yes, I see."
"And you also said, ""We have endured our transportation, and we went, and I will go before him who was there."
"Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his household, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan, and went to a land away from his brother Jacob."
"John 6, verse 83."
"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so God will bring with Him those who have fallen asleep in Jesus."
"For my sake, do not leave, and travel a long distance."
John 5:20.
"John 1:16.  From the Bible, John 1:16 is:  Out of his fullness we have all received grace in place of grace already given."
"Then you will go and meet these two at the city gate. The bridegroom's daughter-in-law. Lot said, ""Here in this town I will depart, for God will destroy it."" But the two men thought Lot was joking."
"Verse 15: And God said to Abraham, ""As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name."""
Happy Birthday
Gather the harvest.
"Chapter 31, Verse 1: And you heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, ""The Hebrew has taken away all that was our father's; and from what was our father's he has acquired all this wealth."""
"And her eyes and gaze, and look, saw three women standing near her: and when she saw them, she ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed herself to the ground."
"So they took Jesus, and he went out, bearing his own cross, to the place called The Place of a Skull, which in Aramaic is called Golgotha."
"Verse 22: And you arose in the night, you and your two wives, and your two women servants, and your eleven sons, and you crossed the ford of the Jabbok River where there was little water."
"His disciples asked him continually up to now, that which is the time that he believes, and ask continually,  why do you ask a question? The disciple replied, not yet at this time, sense."
"Verse 8: And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai."
John 3:29
"What is this, that you have done? Have you eaten from the tree that I commanded you not to eat from?"
"Hello, I'm happy to meet you. My name is Valerie Sutton. I live in California. I hope you enjoy using SignWriting. My best wishes, Valerie Sutton."
"And your brother and your mother said, ""Let her stay with us a few days, at least ten, then she will go."""
"And I said to my officials, ""If the men will not follow me, ...""."
"They went to hear at the deaf school, and they listened, and then they left. The students were happy to learn and understand the lessons being taught at their institute."
John 5:34
"Verse 13: And also of the sons of her maidservant, for I have made him a nation, because he is your seed."
"Attention, be familiar with the future awful judgment of His coming. First, I, God, will dispatch a prophet called Elijah in the future."
"Assume you have knowledge, that one has rights, but assume you have it, you will suffer alone."
John 1:4.
John 1:1.
Ishmael was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
"Verse 29: And that which happened, like it did to her, came from his hand, and that got attention, whose brother came from outside: and you said, ""How did he finish being born first?"" So the midwife named him Pharez."
"When God destroyed the cities of the surrounding area, God remembered Abraham and sent Lot out of the midst of the destruction, for God had destroyed the cities where Lot lived."
"And it happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, ""Send me away, that I may go to my own place and to my country."""
"And it happened, when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said to them, ""Go back and buy us a little food."""
"Which is better, the life in Christ within the corner of a small house with peace, or a large house with a spouse and combat?"
"And the Hebrews called the name of the place Peniel: for they said, ""We have seen God face to face, and our lives are preserved."
"And Jesus answered, ""Those who are well do not need a doctor, but those who are sick; I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners."""
"Then Jesus said, ""Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing."" Next, the soldiers divided his clothes among them by casting lots to see who would get which piece. The person who wrote these things wrote them, and we know that what he wrote is true."
John 5:19.
"And Jokshan became the father of Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim."
"Joseph gave a command to his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father. The physicians embalmed Israel."
"And Laban said to him, ""You are my bone and my flesh."" And he stayed with him for a month."
"Verse 84: And Laban said, ""This heap is a witness between you and me this day."" Therefore he called its name Galeed?"
"The people set their traps, but you have fallen into a snare, while I escaped."
"She suffered for your sake, endured, and received favor from God, and that which she received, you all may enjoy the pleasure that He gives."
Change mine
"John 1:94 doesn't exist, as the first chapter of John only has 51 verses. However, I can reconstruct a sentence based on the given format: Verse 1:94 is not found in the Bible, but if it were to be referenced, it would likely be written as ""According to John 1:94""."
John 3:9.
"Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his other sons, because he was the son of his old age; and he made him a coat of many colors."
"The eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near to him, and he kissed them and hugged them."
"Jonah chapter 1: Now the word of the Lord came to Jonah, the son of Amittai, saying:"
"Now, so take, I pray you, my sword and my quiver and my bow, and go out to the field, and take me a portion of meat."
"And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female."
"Poem 95, Verse 6. The two of us worship, and bow."
"Picasso has artwork to train with, or practices with his artwork, but a more natural reconstruction would be:  Picasso is like someone who has artwork to practice with, or  Picasso has artwork that he trains with, or  Picasso practices with his artwork, similar to others.  However, the most straightforward and grammatically correct reconstruction of the sentence would be: Picasso has artwork to practice."
"He teaches, I desire, not silver, gold is better compared to California."
But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
"At present, I have two daughters who are complete and have not known women. I have suffered, and I pray to you, bring them out to you, and do to them as seems good in your eyes: only to these women do nothing, for they came under the shadow of my roof."
"Your ways. On their left hand the road changed, changed, and they realized it was on their left."
"Shem lived after the birth of Arphaxad five hundred years, and had sons and daughters."
"That one is aware that Hades is never filled, similar to the concerns of people who were previously, never ever."
"Luke 15. Jesus teaches, the tax collectors and other sinners with bad names come to listen to him, in literature books."
"What is this? John 2, verse 18. The Jews answered. They asked a question. Jesus spoke, and they listened. He said, ""I am the way,"" comma, and they believed."
"It seems like there are no actual words to reconstruct. The sentence is filled with ""<unk>"" placeholders, which typically indicate unknown or missing information. If you could provide the actual words and phrases, I'd be happy to help you reconstruct the sentence!"
"Assume a person is a stranger or a prostitute, do not require her to make a pledge of money or anything."
Thank you for coming to instruct in written signs.
"The city, and the people, were very happy, and they all celebrated together."
"And the women considered, ""Who would have told, that the Lord had made his people's transport to prevail, or not?"
"And Adam said, ""I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself."""
John 7:20.
"Luke 15. Jesus teaches, ""The tax collectors and the other sinners have a bad name, but they come to listen."
"The word came to the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered himself with sackcloth, and sat in ashes."
"Verse 17: And your servant ran to meet you, and said, I have suffered, I pray you, and I prayed, Drink a little water from your hand, which you poured."
Verse 19: And the waters prevailed so mightily on the earth that all the high hills under the whole heaven were covered.
"And the water receded from the earth, continuing to decrease, and after fifty days the water had calmed."
"And he said to his household and to all who were with him, ""Put away the foreign gods that are among you and purify yourselves and change your garments."
"And you had dreams, both of them, on the same night, each woman having a dream, and each dream was to be interpreted by those skilled in such things, the house servant and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison."
"And they gave unto the descendants of Abraham all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and the descendants of Abraham hid them under the oak which was by Shechem."
John 2:11.
"Verse: Good. He says that no one is correct, not one."
"Verse 1: It is good. What shall we do, for everything is important, and then it happened on their left side, the hostess saw and went to say, ""You, we have better places for you!"" Then you have the honor of being in front of all the other guests."
"Verse: It is good. This is because, moreover, since angels watch, women need to have their heads covered, as a sign that they are under authority."
Verse 10: I have sent my prophets to warn you with many visions and dreams.
"Verse 1: Now in the church at Antioch there were prophets and teachers, from Libya, Cyrene, and from Rome, both Jews and converts to Judaism, and they were all."
"Verse 10. But the angel comforted them, ""Don't be afraid! I declare to you, I bring great joy, which will be for all people."
"Verse: Yeah, my father and mother, the Lord God is near me."
"Verse 1: Nor did the government, but Paul proceeded to speak. Paul said, ""Men, I know that for many years you have judged this nation of Hebrews, and my occupation has been joyful, but I prompt you before."""
Verse: Is it good? Will evil defeat him? No plague will come near.
"Verse: But I speak this by way of concession, not of command. To the rest I say, not the Lord, that those who are greedy, cheat people, behave like idol worshippers. Because we are part of this world, should we avoid it? Or ought we to leave the earth?"
"Verse 11. Furthermore, teach your neighbours and your relatives, that they may know the Lord. For does not everyone, at least, know that I am the Lord, who will make myself known?"
"Verse 11: Now Christ has come as the high priest of the good things that have come. The greatest and most excellent of all is God, who is in heaven, did He enter human hands? He did not create, nor is He a portion of the creation here on earth."
"Verse 11: Now, the things which you have started, you should finish. Are you eager now, since you were enthusiastic in the beginning? How does your giving relate to what you have?"
"Verse 11: But you say, 'If a man says to his father or mother, ""Whatever profit you might have received from me is Corban""' (that is, a gift to God), I can't help. Whatever you give to me will be a present, I will complete my covenant, and present it as a gift."
"Verse 11: He who said, ""Do not commit adultery,"" also said, ""Do not murder."" If you do not commit adultery but do commit murder, you have become a lawbreaker."
"Verse 11: For here is the information, start until now you guys hear: We should love one another."
"Verse 11. God says to his people, ""It shall truly happen to them; they will fall and be destroyed."" Oh! They did not obey, so the people became like the Gentiles, and God had already delivered them, making it possible for you. But God desires that his people become jealous, doesn't he, in order to receive them for himself?"
"Verse 11. Nor did I see any other creature on earth, but it had two horns like a lamb, however, it spoke like a dragon."
"Verse 11: And I also announce that the Gentiles, people from all around the world, from east to west, will come and sit with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, but where are those who will sit with them?"
"Verse. Neither did Jesus, nor did he thank God, then gave generously. Finished, accomplished, same. People were content."
"Verse 11: For if that is how God comforts, let us behave worthily of him when we enter. But if we disobey, just as the Israelites disobeyed, then we will surely fall."
"Verse 11: For they that are with us, our enemies say, ""You know what will happen, we will pursue you, and you shall be before us, and your work shall cease."""
Verse 11: He who has the Son has life; he who does not have the Son of God does not have life.
"Verse 11. They overcame him because of the Lamb’s blood, and because of the word of their testimony. They did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death."
"Verse 11. Has my mourning become your festival? Have you removed your sackcloth, and instead, what is it that brings you joy?"
"Verse 11. In Him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, but by the removal of the body of flesh, that is, in the circumcision of Christ. He disarmed the principalities and powers and made a public spectacle of them, triumphing over them in it, having forgiven you all trespasses."
"Verse 12. That which the Lord has said, He says to me now, ""I have had enough of these times."" I know their hearts. How did they come? In what way?,"
"Verse 12. The three beasts had their authority taken away, but their lives were prolonged for a season."
"Verse 12: For the sake of Christ, then, I am content with weaknesses, insults, hardships, persecutions, and calamities; for when I am weak, then I am strong. But when anything is finished, and the living receive a crown, have they not already been previously tested, and do people not love the God whom they adore?"
"Verse 12: He said to them, ""My associates, I am perplexed; I tell you. They celebrate festivals, and I am baffled; if you can interpret, then thereby thirty fine linen coats, and also thirty fine raiments, I will give."
Verse 12: Thus the band of soldiers and their captain and the officers of the Jews arrested Jesus and bound him.
"Verse 12. He gave flesh to the people, and they had meat to eat, as well as beasts for their associates, Etam, Judges 15. The place was completely filled with burrows of animals eating, and their burrows were completely filled, and they stole."
"Verse 12: Nor did his disciples ask him, but said to him, ""You just said something, and now you are saying he is a Pharisee? Are you the one who caused us to question?"""
"Verse 12: And you will recognize that I am the one who will testify, this will be revealed in the future, and the babe will know, and the babes will be there."
"Verse 12: We toil, working with our own hands. Our hands are weary. Do we bless when you curse us? Do we take it patiently when you insult us?"
"Verse 13: When you arrived at Mount Sinai, He spoke to you from heaven, and you heard His voice, but you didn't see any form; instead, you heard a voice. What you saw were the things that represented God's presence, and also the law, which included good commands."
"Verse 13. Your life attracts the same experiences as other people. ... . ... . ... cannot be patient, God has not suffered. When temptations occur, God reveals his way, so you can be patient."
"Verse 13: When did you go to visit your brethren, whom you are concerned about?"
"Verse 13. A gossip goes to multiple places, telling a secret, but a trustworthy person keeps a confidence."
"Verse 13: Did the attendant run for it? Was he sent? Who was he?, Was he a messenger?, What was his mission? No, certainly not."
"Verse 13. Jesus chose all twelve of his disciples,"
"Verse 13. When a gentle south wind began to blow, they thought they had obtained what they wanted; so they weighed anchor and sailed along the shore of Crete."
"Verse 13. Truly, you recall that it was because of an illness that I, the original bringer of the gospel to you, first brought the good news to you, and I was sick."
"Verse 14: And the kingdom, and the signs, how is the tale related to men? A woman goes, ready. Who summons the maids together? For you were here, but now you are not, so who will provide your money?"
"Verse 14. But your people said, ""Who is this that says we should not have you as our king?"""
"Verse 14: For even though they may be trained to discern good, can people eat and grow? However, there is a difference between right and wrong."
"Verse 14. Your greatest warriors will not escape, and your most feeble will not flee. The wounded will be healed, but you will become weak; yes, the healed warriors will be delivered over to the sword, and they will deliver themselves."
"Verse 14: How can two walk together unless they are agreed? Can two live together in peace if they do not share the same spirit? You are not holy, and the Lord will not see you."
"Verse 14: The Lord will ask me, ""Will He get anything from my hand?"" Nonetheless, the Lord will receive it from me, and He will tell you."
Verse 14: Will she have a big and joyful occasion when the people occur at her begetting?
"Verse 14. Then he announced and determined. The men, whom you had previously informed me were leading the mutiny, have I already tested? Are they associated with you, who have completed the related task in front of these people? Are you innocent?"
"Verse 15: Even though Jesus was shown to be the Christ through the many miracles he did, yet the people still did not believe in him. Then they asked, ""Can it be that you are the one we have been expecting, or should we look for someone else?"" If you listen to his preaching, who among you wants to be healed?"
"Verse 15: What is good, you ordered Peter and John to discuss among themselves?"
"Verse 15: If you are circumcised or not circumcised, it doesn't matter. What does matter? Suppose we change and become a new creation."
"Verse 15: The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God, for the needy shall not always be forgotten, but the expectation of the poor shall not perish. The Lord is on thy side, He doth direct thy mercy, and the Lord hath mercy upon thee, O people."
"Verse 15: What shall we do, then, to decide who is to be sent to us? The man has done nothing to deserve death or punishment."
"Verse 15: I no longer call you slaves, but friends, because I have told you everything I heard from my Father."
"Verse 15: Thank you for the great gift in this place, it's so wonderful that I just can't describe it!"
"Verse 15: For wisdom is better than weapons of war, but one sinner destroys much good."
"Verse 15. What has he done for our name, since his name is complete? Will he proceed to honor? How are his people in Egypt, whom you have taken away with great signs and wonders? Have we finished sinning? Are we filled with evil?"
"Verse 15. The Lord is in his holy temple, and his throne is in heaven; let your hands be strengthened, for everything will occur as you have begun to do."
"Verse 15: They were dead, and Herod had died. Who told the seer this? This fulfilled what was spoken by the prophet: ""Out of Egypt I called my son."""
"Verse 16: Now, my dear brothers and sisters, do not be misled."
"Verse 16. And great fear came upon them, did it not, when they heard that a prophet had risen among them? saying, ""Is not this the prophet who is to come into the world?"" And we, as well as they, are witnesses of these things, and so is the Holy Spirit, whom God has given to those who obey him."
"Verse 16. O Israel, you should pay attention to their ways."
"Verse 16: The Lord said, ""When that day arrives, you will call me 'my husband', and you will no longer call me 'my master'."""
"Verse 16: He said to him, ""First, Simon, who is called Peter,"
"Verse 16: She was completely filled with pleasure, joyful, and owned her own honor."
"Verse 16: That night, the disciples went down to the shore of the water and waited for Jesus."
Verse 17: But the person who is united with the Lord is one spirit with him.
"Verse 17: But whenever she came in, she would comb his hair and wash his face."
"Verse 17: Jesus asked, ""I healed you, where are you?"""
"Verse 17. Now, these are my precious children, and I have one more request. You have already been taught the opposite, which causes divisions among people of faith, and I warn you. You guys."
"Verse 17: And this became known to all, both Jews and Greeks, who lived in Ephesus. Fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified."
Verse 17: Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
"Verse 18. For does he not know that when an ox is walking on the grain it should not be muzzled, and the one who threshes ought not to stop? In many places it says, ""The workers deserve their wages!"""
"Verse 18: It will be, when he is guilty of one of these things, that he shall confess that he has sinned in that thing;"
"Verse 18: Shortly, will it really be like that? How amazing!"
"Verse 18: The wicked becomes rich for a short time, however, the gift of the righteous will continue."
Verse 19. Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.
"Verse 19: I love the one who corrects me with discipline. So is it hard? Don't you care, or am I not interested?"
"Verse 19. But Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart, for a million thoughts dwelled on her."
"Verse 19: Jesus asked her, ""What is your name?"" She said to Him, ""I am called 'Only One who is Good'."""
"Verse 19: He who sees a dream becomes aware, and the foolish will not conceal his folly, but the one who receives wisdom will be pleased."
"Verse 19. What is it? . Do you think that you can remove the tiles from up above, the roof? , and when you have finished, the sick woman lying down there will be lowered down in front of Jesus? ."
"Verse 19: So a powerful wind came, and you were gone. Your idols have caused you to be shamed."
"Chapter 2. Hear, you priests, and listen, for this is a decree to you!"
"Verse 30. Lord, what shall I render to You, for you have delivered me? My enemies have retreated, but you refused to let them conquer me."
"Chapter 6. And he came out from there and went to his hometown, Nazareth, and his disciples followed him."
"Chapter 2. I will go up to my watchtower, and I will stand on my safe place. He will wait and see what the Lord will say, how God will reply to my complaint."
"Chapter 1: This letter is from Paul, a servant of Christ Jesus, who was chosen by God to be an apostle, and from all the brothers and sisters who are with me. I am writing to all of you in Rome who are loved by God and are called to be his holy people. I pray that God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ will give you grace and peace. To all those in Rome who are loved by God and called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ."
"Verse 1: This letter is from John, the elder. I am writing to Gaius, my dear friend, whom I love in truth."
"Verse 20! Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me, like two friends."
"Verse 20: The words of the wise are like sterling silver, but the heart of a fool is worthless."
"Verse 20: For the day of the Lord is darkness, and not light, a day of gloom with no brightness in it, yet even in this, there is a little glimmer of hope."
"Verse 20. But are you not all one in Christ? For although you were many, He is one Spirit, didn't He already make you one? Actually, all of you are familiar with this."
"Verse 20. Our chief priests and elders led Him to the intention of condemning Him to death, did they not? Who crucified Him?"
"Verse: When people finish dying, where do they go? Does God keep them, or does their son perish? Who knows?"
"Verse 21: Was it not necessary for the Christ to suffer these things and to enter into His glory? He made Christ who knew no sin to be sin on our behalf, so that we might become the righteousness of God in Him."
"Verse X: He calls, ""Come!"", and you guys ask a question.  He says, ""Truly, the actions of my Father God are a plan?"" Will you enter?"
"Verse 21: But when I was leaving, I said, ""I will return again to you, if God wills""; or else I might have to depart for Ephesus."
"Verse 17: For these rules are only about the body, teaching us about things that will worsen."
"Verse: Do the Gentiles live as you come, move, and ask? I say, ""Oh, David's son!"" Are you dominated by a girl? Are you controlled? You are oppressed."
"Verse 22: Does one become more strong when they preach? Your faith in Jesus Christ as the Messiah, for certain, is not wrong, and the Hebrews of Damascus cannot deny that."
"Verse  : How long shall I wait for the time of revenge, when the word of prophecy will be fulfilled?"
"Verse X. He replied, ""I Y, I Z, I finished."
"Verse 22. If they do, they will surely listen to you and then come."
"Verse 23: He who says to you, ""Well done, my good and faithful servant,"" what small actions have you shown faith in? Now I will make you accountable for many more things. Let us celebrate together!"
"Verse 23: Wisdom is with the modest ones, but the foolish proclaim their folly."
"Verse 23: What is most crucial to you, who is it? What is most crucial to you, who?"
"Verse 23: Now Jesus got into a boat, and his disciples followed him."
"Verse 23: But how could he know what would happen? Did he prepare for it beforehand? Who would have predicted that Jesus Christ would be betrayed? Yet, it was the one who opposed the law that provided assistance, and you, who are you, to stand in his way?"
"Verse 24. Glory to God, because for my sake."
"Verse 24: I called, and you did not come, but he reached you, and you did not answer."
"Verse 24: I also, after all, have had a powerful helper from the Lord, and two of you are coming to me."
"Verse 24: And the word of the Lord continued to spread, and the number of disciples increased significantly."
Verse 24: Let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds.
"Verse 24. Matthat was the father of your father, and Levi was his father. Jannai was the father of his left side father Melki. Your father Joseph's father was his father."
"Verse 25. However, someone told him, ""Your mother and brothers are standing outside, wanting to see you."" But he replied, ""I have no one."" Does conversion exist? She asked, ""Does it?"""
"Verse 25: A true witness delivers souls, but a deceitful witness speaks lies."
"Verse 25: Now about eating food sacrificed to idols, we have written to you in our letter, shouldn't you avoid idols, and not eat their meat, or drink blood, and also abstain from sexual immorality?"
"Verse 25: Now the people are half drunk, and you demand, and, to us, we enjoy! Well, bring the dungeon to the outside for pleasure, you guys, between the pillars that support the roof up above, you guys,  where you stand."
"Verse 26: If it is my will that becomes yours, then compare and contrast with other people, you need to do as your parents, and, and, and, and, yes, moreover, their left side lives. If not, my will becomes mine.  Note: The sentence contains several unknown words (<unk>) which makes the reconstruction challenging. However, based on the context and the given words, I've tried to reconstruct a coherent sentence."
"Verse 26: And he said to them again, ""Are you men of Israel, do you want to fight? Look!"" He attempted to make peace. And he said, ""Brethren, do not fight each other, what are you doing?"""
"Verse 26: Furthermore, I know that you are familiar with these things, for I speak boldly to you, because I am certain that these things have happened among you. Don't you know that they did not happen in a corner!"
"Verse 26: Jesus also said, ""The kingdom is like a man who casts seed upon the soil;"
"Verse 26: For our God is an unstable help, but what god does he desire that we should pray to him about? We do not know. But the Holy Spirit prays for us; what words can we use to cause this to happen?"
"Verse 26: Well, the thing that you say to the people, you fail, but rather their ears, you amaze and it becomes quiet."
"Verse 26: And there, he came to the assembly of the believers, but they were all afraid of him. They did not believe that he was a disciple!"
"Verse 26. What happened was that the army listened, and as you went to the official, they asked, ""Do you what do you do?"" Men, you are a Roman citizen!"
"Verse 27. Is it well with you? Go and see about Ethiopia, are you the eunuch who has charge under Kandake, queen of Ethiopia? Has he come from completing his business in Jerusalem, to worship?"
"Verse 27: What was the purpose, to complete? She finished, did she not?"
"Verse 28: There is a God in heaven who reveals secrets, and he has made known to King Nebuchadnezzar what will happen in the future. Your dream and the visions that passed through your mind as you lay on your bed are these:"
"Verse 28. Have you had five? Will she warn these, that they do not come into existence in terrible places of suffering."
"Verse 2: For Mordecai was great in the king's sight, and his fame spread throughout all the provinces of the kingdom, as it was written in the book of the annals of the kings of Media and Persia."
"Verse 2: Let our Father, and Jesus Christ, bring us peace."
"Verse 2: And you know that Aquila, a Jew born in Pontus, had recently come from Italy with his wife Priscilla, because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome."
Verse 2: And you shall teach them diligently.
"Verse 2: Now the widow was left with no one, and she had only two small copper coins."
"Verse 2: My father has many rooms; if that were not so, would I have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you?"
"Verse 2. The people say, ""He will never deliver us!"""
"Verse 2: My help comes from the Lord, who made heaven and earth!"
"Verse 2: But in a little while the time came for the Hebrew Festival of the Tabernacle,"
"Verse 2: Who among the gods is like you, Lord? Who is like you— majestic in holiness, awesome in glory, working wonders? You should be the one to, what is your reason, for many are with you, unless I."
"Verse 31. But I will require this of you, what action will I take? The world will know that I love my Father. Then we departed."
"Verse 31: At the Fountain Gate, they went up the steps of the City of David on the ascent to the wall and passed above the site of David's palace to the Water Gate on the east. The second choir proceeded in the opposite direction, and I followed them on top of the wall, past the Tower of the Ovens to the Dung Gate."
"Verse 32: But the time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth, for the Father is seeking such as these to worship him, but where will you be when I am gone? I am not alone, because the Father is with me."
"Verse 32. This is a great mystery, but I speak concerning Christ and the church."
Verse 33: Jesus used many similar stories and illustrations to teach the people as much as they could understand.
"Verse 34: And Jesus healed many who were ill with various diseases, and he cast out many demons; and he would not permit the demons to speak, because they knew him."
"Verse 63: Who are you, and what is this law that you have commanded?"
"Verse 73. They informed Jesus, ""You are the Nazarene."""
"Verse 83: But when the son came, the farmers said to one another, ""This is about him. What is this around him?"" ""May he allow us to receive it for us!"""
"Verse 83: Is this the signature of Isaiah the prophet? For here is the definitive prophecy of Isaiah, which when completed, will inform, and having informed, will be finished, does he believe? Is the arm of God strong, has God finished, does he ask?"
"Verse 93: If the owner of the house had known at what time the thief was coming, he would not have let his house be broken into."
"Verse 93: Nor did Jesus tell the world that I had come to judgment, but to heal and be seen; thereby the people who were blind would see, and those who saw would become blind."
"Verse 93. The Spirit of the Lord shall snatch Philip away, and they will no longer see him, but they will proceed to celebrate the festivals."
"Verse 3: But, brethren, I have sent this to know, are you surely prepared? For I am telling you, as I have told you before. Moreover, their money has all been spent. My boast about you, I do not want to be wrong."
"Verse 3: And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks and laid them on the fire, a viper came out because of the heat and fastened itself on his hand."
"Verse 3: By faith we understand that the universe was formed at God's command, so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible."
"Verse 3: Can two walk together, except they be agreed?"
"Verse 3: And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes."
"Verse 3: If they ask you, 'What shall we do?' you shall say to them, 'What the Lord commands, but should I bring?'"
"Verse 3: Pashhur, Amariah, Malkijah,"
"Verse 3: Now Judas Iscariot, one of the Twelve, was possessed by Satan,"
"Verse 3: Before, in California, cups were inside the temple, and people would take them from the house of the king in Jerusalem? The king's honor, his people, his wives, and his sons would use the cups to drink."
"Verse 3: For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, they took their blood and sprinkled it on the book, and on all the people, saying, ""We will continue to do all that has been written."" And they finished, and three times more they admitted their sinning, willing to adore the Lord their God."
"Verse 3. The Lord, He is God, can He be trusted? If He is good, then He will give prosperity, or if not, will He deliver them from the place where they are? Shall He cause them to thrive?"
"Verse 40: Woe! Prophets have suffered for the word towards you. Saying,"
"Verse 40: But for whom I shall be ashamed, for I have nothing, says he. He has prepared his own place beforehand for the people of God to finish."
"Verse 42: The news about him spread quickly over the whole region, and a large number of people believed in Him."
"Verse 42: For he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that this is he which is ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead."
"Verse 42: Nor does your appearance look like that of someone whose right hand the kingdom will be given to, nor will I enter into it."
"Verse 42: Nor did Jesus ask him, ""Did you previously inquire about this?"" The builders had rejected it, but it has become the cornerstone. This is the Lord's doing; it is marvelous in our eyes."
"Verse: Then the corrupt spirit said, ""I previously left, and will go again."" So it went again, to where? The place is now bare, sweeps previously.  Note: Due to the presence of <unk> tokens, which represent unknown or missing information, the reconstructed sentence may not be entirely coherent or grammatically correct."
"Verse  : You shall crush them to dust, yours are the children, with. Shall I have no remainder of my enemies under one stone in places? for your opportunity has delivered these to you, but you did not obtain."
"Verse 54: Thus I speak the truth, and you do not believe me!"
"Verse 54. Then the spirit came to the other, and said: ""Are you more corrupt than all others? Are all your deeds known to everyone within? So that person is even more corrupt. This dishonesty is well-known, and it will be experienced."
"Verse 46. The Lord will conquer you, I will murder and behead you. Your women will die, their bodies I will give to the birds and beasts, so all will know that the Lord has power in Israel!"
"Verse 64: Who then is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him? And they were instantly convinced about him, but what kind of man is this? For the crowd did not have faith, and they joined him."
"Verse 74: They also who saw it told them how he that was possessed with the devil was healed, and moreover they also."
"Verse 84. But Jesus said, ""You would betray the Son of Man, would you?"
"Verse 84. Shall the king do what he wills in the high places of Daniel? Has he many gifts to make him rich? He made Daniel ruler over all his realm, and as for his wisdom, the women made him official over them, and he became boss over them."
"Verse 4: If you become famous, what a great achievement! If you have wonderful possessions, can you take them with you when you die? What will happen to them then? Who will inherit your wealth, and will it bring them happiness? She herself will find out!"
"Verse 4: Let patience have its perfect work, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking nothing."
Verse 4: I had been filled with pleasure in the Lord!
"Verse 4. But my precious children, according to what? ... You guys, you guys, what is it that you have conquered? Why, since the living spirit is in you guys, and the living spirit is in the earth, whom do you belong to?"
"Verse 4: Has God indeed come to visit us, is the Lord among us? The Lord lives in his temple, and his abode is in heaven. Previously it was said, but however, you who were previously unknown, are now known to him for great honor."
"Verse 4. What was added to you, a portion that you already had? But he, however, did he not provide everything that he had?"
"Verse 50: I know that God orders all things for my good, does He not? Even though my father tells me, I say."
"Verse 51. When they arrived, Jesus had only suffered with them, whom did Peter, John, and James, the child of Zebedee's parents... (Note: The sentence seems incomplete due to the presence of <unk> which indicates unknown or missing information) A possible reconstruction could be: Verse 51. When they arrived, Jesus had only suffered with them, to whom did Peter, John, and James, the sons of Zebedee, go to their parents?"
"Verse 53. Do not arrest me in the temple, I am there. I am there. However, this is their day, and it happens at night, under the power of darkness."
"Verse 54: Or where, death, is your victory? Death is swallowed up in victory."
"Verse 58: So, did you do only a few miracles for her? Why, since you don't believe."
"Verse 5: Why did only a few people of Israel have faith? Since God is gracious, He chose them, and they are the ones He selected."
"Verse 5: Before God, Mount Sinai was completely covered in smoke because the Lord had descended upon it in fire. The whole mountain was shaking violently, and the earth trembled. The people were terrified."
"Verse 5: And she came to Jesus, something happened when Jesus went to her, a centurion came, pleading,  (reconstructed sentence based on the given information) A more likely reconstruction would be:   Verse 5: And a certain woman came to Jesus, something happened when Jesus went to her, for a centurion came, pleading,"
Verse 5: Do we try to win you over by flattery? Are you thinking that we are trying to get your money? Our witness is that we are not trying to be their friends just to get their money!
"Verse 5: Pride goes before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall. He who obstructs us, destroys himself. Does our insurrectional thought catch us? Teach us to submit to Jesus Christ."
"Verse 5. But we did not give up, not for a moment. We want to keep the true Gospel for them."
"Verse 76: Or did the word of the Lord come to him, or through him was a prophecy made, saying..."
"Verse 6: Since we are God's children, has God sent his Spirit into our hearts? Doesn't our heart remind us that we are your children, Father?"
"Verse 6: Hear my prayer, see my prayer, night and day, for your people Israel! I admit, we have sinned against you. My family and I have sinned!"
"Verse 6. But God, who encourages the dejected, encouraged us by the arrival of Titus."
"Verse 6: Now at the festival of the Passover, it was the governor's custom to release a prisoner for the crowd to choose, and there was one named... whom the crowds requested."
"Verse 6: Simon Peter said to Him, ""Lord, do You wash my feet?"" Jesus answered him, ""What I do you do not realize now, but you will understand hereafter."""
"Verse 6: We are always confident, knowing that while we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord."
"Verse 6: I cried out to Him with my mouth, and He was extolled with my tongue. If I had cherished sin in my heart, the Lord would not have listened. But God has surely heard me; He has attended to the voice of my prayer. Blessed be God, who has not turned away my prayer nor His lovingkindness from me."
"Verse 6: Nor did he spit on the ground, or tell a blind man to see, but Jesus made clay and anointed the eyes of the blind woman."
"Verse 6: We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body ruled by sin might be done away with, that we should no longer be slaves to sin."
"Verse 6: For this reason I also, after all, pray that you will have the strength to understand and know every good thing we have in Christ."
"Verse 73: He has remembered his covenant forever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations, the covenant which he made with Abraham."
"Verse 7. Oh, heaven and earth, have you come? Will He do it? Yes, the people ask who will do it. The world and nations will mourn to God. Oh, Amen!"
"Verse 7: Yet if it is true that I have spoken falsely about God, He being my glory, how then can I, a mortal, be glorified like Him?"
"Verse 7: For we know that the earth was not brought into being by us, what happens when we leave, is it similar to when we cannot do anything?"
"Verse 7: He told its gardener, ""For three years now I've been coming to look for fruit on this fig tree and haven't found any. Cut it down! Why should it use up the soil?"""
"Verse 7. And the people came to dinner, and they sat down near the front in seats of honor; Jesus noticed and asked, ""Who told you to sit here?"""
"Verse 7: Now my sons, listen to me, and don't stray: I will say, ""Never forget,"""
"Verse 7: And other fell among thorns; and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit."
"Verse 7. You can't, I'm not able! You're here, I'm not able!"
"Verse 7: For he also says, ""Do not say, 'I will die,' for who will go to Hades, and once more live?"
"Verse 7. For if you walk in the ways that you love, and accept the persons of men, you do wrong, being partial to the wicked: but I will warn you, O priests, says the Lord, you are the rulers, the religious leaders."
"Verse 8. Are the servers ready? I have already invited, but you do not."
"Verse 8: And Paul went into the synagogue and spoke boldly for three months, reasoning and persuading concerning the kingdom of God."
"Verse 8: And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night."
"Verse 8: Yet the people did not turn to him who had struck them, nor did they seek the Lord of hosts, for they were a stiff-necked people, but they did not value the God who possessed and controlled their native land."
"Verse 8: Great difficulties and challenges, did we achieve a fair haven and arrive near the city of Lasea?"
"Verse 8: For if we suppose that by encouraging the rest to give generously, then we will be motivated. If we assume that by giving, then we will have a big impact. If we assume that God has already given us the ability, He is responsible for it, and we are accountable. Our gift inspires others to be happy."
"Verse 8: When you are near the house of a promiscuous woman, do not stroll slowly on her left side."
"Verse 9: I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich. I know that you suffer from the blasphemy of those who claim to be Jews but are not, because they are a synagogue of Satan."
"Verse 9: And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus told them not to tell anyone what they had seen until the Son of Man had risen from the dead."
"Verse 9: Do you work for the one who blesses, does he bless? He will have children by name, and his name is called the children."
"Verse 9: That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, saying, None have seen, none have heard, neither has it entered into the heart of man, the things which God has prepared for them that love him."
"Verse 9: Don't you know? I should say, don't you know now? Will you go back to the weak and worthless principles that you desire to be slaves to again?"
"Verse 9: He refuses to help me. You are my helper, I ask, will you leave me now? Will you abandon me? You're my deliverer!"
"Verse 9: Have you murdered and also inherited? You have lied to one another, and the native people have committed every kind of evil; now you will be tossed away like a finished thing."
"Verse 9: From one man he made every nation of men, that they should inhabit the whole earth; and he determined the times set for them and the exact places where they should live. God looked over the nations and saw that all people are the same, with the same flesh. And to this place they will return, for all have suffered and been buried."
"Verse 9: My prayer is not for the world, but for those you have given me, because they belong to you."
"Verse 9: And I tell you, whoever divorces his wife, except for immorality, and marries another woman commits adultery, and whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery."
"Verse 9: For I was angry with them, and I swore that I would not go with them to the land which I had given them, a land flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands. Why has the Lord brought us to this land to fall by the sword, that our wives and children should become prey? Shall we return to Egypt? So they said to each other, Let us appoint a leader and return to Egypt. Then I, the one holy and living among you, will not come in anger, and I will not destroy you."
"Verse 9: He who has ears to hear, let him hear, and whoever has, should understand."
"Verse 9: She promotes widows, who are put on the list, do you think she is at least sixty years old, and has been faithful to her husband?"
"Verse 9: Do people look like that? Yes! Their appearance, and their mouth is strong, identical! Although the beggar continued saying, I am the same, yes!"
We are people. We are from Earth.
"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, so that we perish not?"
"He, God, made clothes for Adam and Eve, these two. God used animal skins to make clothes to give to these two."
"And the Lord appeared to Abram and said, ""To your descendants I will give this land."" And there he built an altar to the Lord, who had appeared to him."
"And the Lord appeared unto her the same night, and said, ""I am the God of your father Abraham. Fear not, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake."""
"We see things, and hear them. I look, and hear them. You"
"And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall hasten and bring my father down here."
"Verse 18: And God said, ""Let there be lights in the firmament of the heavens to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs and seasons and for days and years. And God saw that it was good."
"Verse 5: For God knows that in the day you eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
"For the first knowledge, receive, then next combat, and numerous persons that one additional delivered."
"After all, sin destroys the study and the mouth spoke concerning actions."
"That which shall happen when he sees that it is certainly not with us, that you will die: and your maids shall bring down the grey hair of your servant our father with anguish to the tomb."
"The Kenites, the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,"
